Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Hello everybody. Hello. [laughter]
Hello. Sorry, I'm a little late. Um, I
had a little bit of a mini panic attack.
Um, so for those who were not reading
pre-hat,
um, today I got a text from my landlord
and they're like, "Hey, do uh, the
strata of the building wants to do a
warranty review of the building and ask
reg residents to complete a
questionnaire about possible
deficiencies. So, I'll need a minute to
check the status of your unit. Can you
please let me know when I come to do
this?" has to be done before May 19th.
And I was like, that's cool. That's all
right. I was like, I have nothing wrong
with my apartment at the moment. Uh, and
I was like, all right, let me I'm going
to take a nap and then text him right
back. Uh, today [laughter]
after I woke up, I walked dead. I had to
use the bathroom. I had to pee. Um, and
[laughter]
I was like, nothing's broken. Um,
everything seems fine in my apartment
right now. H [clears throat]
uh it's I'm'll be okay with him coming
up anytime soon. Maybe like this week or
something and get it done and over with.
Thank god I didn't text him back right
away. Uh I was thinking about texting
him after the stream. Thank god I
decided that. Uh [laughter]
anyway, I decided to pee and I was like
thinking I was like, "Oh no, uh my
toilet I ran out of toilet paper. Let me
go grab the toilet paper at the
cupboard." Anyway, so um at the the
bathroom cupboard, so I was just like,
"All right, let me just lean over
because the toilet paper's right there.
I don't want to, you know, I just
finished peeing. I don't want to get up
and just do a little pee shimmy over
there. Let me just lean over and
[laughter] grab the toilet paper. Surely
nothing could go wrong, right? Surely
[laughter]
in my head I thought, "Oh, that's in my
head. I thought this will be fine."
[laughter]
And [gasps]
well, I played some silly games and I
found out I [laughter]
I [laughter and gasps] played some
really silly games and I found out that
it was indeed [laughter]
not five. I rolled the die and I lost
the gamble. [laughter]
[laughter]
I played a silly game and won a silly
prize.
>> [laughter]
[laughter]
>> So
yeah, so I was just like, "Oh, oh,
[laughter]
oh, I have to get this fixed before he
comes up here." I [laughter]
So I maybe I was maybe I should have
done the piece of me over to the
cupboard and caught the toilet paper
instead of trying to lean on it. Lean on
it a little. [laughter]
So basically, all right, I'll give you
guys a visualization of what happened.
So, the cupboard is next to the toilet
and then when you're sitting on the
toilet. All right, let me uh do like a
little picture here. Let me I was just
like, whoa. All right, so here's my
little picture. And then there's the
cupboard with the toilet paper. So, I
don't know if you guys can visualize
this very well. Uh, and then here's the
toilet paper. The squares are the toilet
paper. Like, you can't see. Just just
give me a second. I'm I'm snipping it
right now.
So, uh
let's see.
Let me I snipped it. So, here's the
visualization.
So, as me on the toilet, there's the
cupboard. So, I'm right next to the
cupboard. In my head, I was like, let me
just lean on it a little bit and then
just grab the toilet paper over. And
usually, okay, so this is what I, you
know, I this was like the time where I
was decided not to be lazy where I put
my toilet paper in the cupboard. And so,
uh, in the past, you know, I never had
to lean over to grab something and I
would just put like, you know, cuz I
live by myself. I was like, who's going
to [__] know? Like, who's going to
care? It's just me. I live by myself.
And in the past, what I would do is I
just put I every time I ran out of
toilet paper, I buy like, you know, you
know, buy toilet paper and it's like a
bag of toilet paper and then I just put
it in front of the toilet. So like if I
ever run out, I can just grab it in the
bag of toilet paper and then put it
beside me cuz I was like, who's going to
know? It's like I'm who am I like trying
to like do this for, you know, like
[laughter]
Who who am I doing this for anyway? Like
it's just me on the toilet and I'm
trying to be efficient here. And then
[laughter]
so like no one's going to see this but
me like like why do I need to like put
it away anyway? So, uh, when I got back
from,
um, LA, I was like, you know what? You
know, I ran out of toilet paper and so I
had to, you know, I got to buy new to
more toilet paper. So, I went and
grabbed more toilet paper and I was
like, you know what? I'm going to change
my life. I'm going to be less lazy and I
get punished for it. Look, this is my
lesson to me to continue to be lazy.
Okay. So, and so I was like, I'm going
to be less lazy. I'm gonna put my toilet
paper away in the cupboard so I don't
just have it like just lying there on
the bathroom floor. So at least it'll
look nicer. So [laughter]
I'm just thinking like, you know, so at
least it looks nicer and looks like I
got my life together, you know. And then
that's why I was like, I'm going to put
it all in the cupboard and then whenever
I run out, I'll just grab some more in
the cupboard. And now look what
happened. [laughter] Look what that got
me. Now I have a [__] broken
cupboard. [laughter]
Look at that. I have a broken cupboard
because I put it all away in the [__]
cupboard. Um, [laughter]
I should just left it on the bathroom
floor in front of me as it should be. So
where right now I can just grab it in
front of me instead of [__] trying to
lean [laughter] over and grab it right
on in the cupboard. Uh at least
[laughter] it's not on the floor
anymore. Anyway,
anyway, so I got to figure out how to
fix this or call someone to fix this uh
before before my landlord finds out.
>> [laughter]
>> where it sees all of this. Uh G, thank
you the super chat. Thank you. Thank
you. The moral of the story, always
choose laziness. It's just efficient.
Who the [__] knows anyway. It's just me
in my own bathroom. It's like I don't
care. I don't even know who I was trying
to prove. I don't know who I was trying
to like do this for. It was for me, but
clearly I wasn't happy about it.
Clearly, it wasn't for me. [laughter]
But yeah, I'm going to remember next
time to just leave it on the floor in
front. Leave it on the bathroom floor.
Uh
N7, thank you for super chat. Thank you.
Thank you. This that is an easy fix,
Doki. Take some toothpicks and jam them
in the hole. Break them off flush with
the surface, then uh screw it back in. I
did not understand 80% of that
instructions, but I [laughter] I think
I'll figure it out. I think I'm going to
figure it out. Thank you for the super
chat. [laughter]
N7, thank you. Thank you. Um, but yeah.
Anyway, so yes, that's why I was late. I
accidentally did that and I was like
having a mini panic attack cuz I was
just like, "Oh my, what the [__] do I
do?" I'm just glad I did not I'm glad I
did not text my landlord back instantly
about like uh a day to come check the
apartment. So, I can I got some time. I
got at least a like a week and a half to
figure figure this out. Uh [laughter]
got a week and a half. Um what was the
lesson I learned today? [laughter]
Don't change who you are. If it works,
it works. You don't have to prove this
to any [laughter]
Don't have to prove this to anyone. If
it works, it works. Just keep the way
thing keep how it was. Keep the things
as it was.
[laughter] That's right. No, it's okay.
He has to have he has to have my
permission to come up. It's like
landlord tenant rules. Thank god.
[laughter]
Yeah. Do the peace shuffle. I should
have done the peace shuffle. Yeah. If it
ain't broke, don't change it. That's
what is that the saying? If it ain't
broke.
Is that the famous saying? Don't fix it.
Yeah. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Uh, no. No. Okay. Okay. Other than that,
other than me accidentally breaking
[laughter] my [__] cupboard. Uh,
uh, dad has also got lazier. Not just
me. Uh because today uh you know how
like usually like like a a normal dog.
Uh so thank you for the super chat.
Thank you. Thank you. This accent sounds
like something Joker would do. Make sure
to check your house for suspicious
clouds. I have to know because I am
Batman, not Bruce Wayne. Thank you the
super chat. Thank you. Thank you. So um
dad has also gotten lazier. So, you know
how like a normal dog uh when they hear
something outside, they will uh run up
to the door and then just start barking
at the door, you know, just cuz they're
like, "Who is that?" You know? Um so,
Dad has stopped doing that. Oh, he still
barks. He still barks, but he stopped
doing the [laughter] the other steps
where he would go to the door and bark
at the door. Instead, he stays in the
comfy ass in my comfy ass bed. sit there
all cuddle up. He hears a sound and just
barks from the [laughter] bed.
Which, by the way, my bed is like the
furthest from the door, too. Um, he's
just like, "Who is that? Tell him to get
out of here." But I'm going, but like
I'll tell him from here. [laughter]
Look at him. I like went over. I was
like, "What the [__] is he barking?" I
was like, "Why are you barking so far
away?" like [laughter]
and then I come over and I see this. I
see him all cuddled up in the bed and
he's just like, "Oh my god, tell him to
clean. [screaming]
[laughter]
You think I didn't hear you from this
comfy ass bed. [laughter]
So cozy."
Yeah. [laughter] He's just like,
"Tell that man to leave.
This is my house." Anyway, this is a
comfy ass bed. I'm not leaving this bed.
[laughter]
I'm like, "Dad, if you're going to try
if you're trying to keep your turf,
you're not doing it, you have to get out
of the bed first." Like, what the [__]
is What the [__] are you going to do in
that bed if someone breaks in? Uh, he
doesn't look like he's we I'm wearing a
dog shirt underneath. Don't worry. Don't
worry. He's definitely wearing the dog
shirt underneath the blanket. Um
[laughter] I wouldn't want to stand.
He's too comfy. Didn't want to leave at
least. [laughter]
Yeah. So, um So, yeah, my dog has also
gotten lazier. He has stopped. He has
stopped like like moving from if he
hears a sound, he would say where he is
and would just bark from where he is.
And he's just like, "That's right. You
heard me. I don't need to walk up to the
door to show prove anything.
[laughter]
I could do it right here in my cozy
blanket. He's like ruff. [laughter]
So [gasps]
yeah, that's my dad update for today.
Uh, oh yeah. Also, when I was walking
dad yesterday, I bumped into this lady,
like, oh my, it felt like she was like
at the Met Gala, like she was heading to
the Met Gala or something. But I bumped
into this lady. She was like dressed
head to do toe with like designer, like
with designer [__] like Louis Vuitton,
Gucci, like everything on her was just
designer uh uh designer wear, not
designer fashion. And she's like, "Oh,
hello darling." But she that's how
she'll say, stocking. She was like,
"Hello, darling. Your dog is so cute,
sweetie." And I'm like, "Oh my god, are
you real? Oh my god, it feels like like
it felt like she was came out of from
like Devil Wars Prada or something."
Yeah, she actually said darling and
everything. And then and then D was
looking at it was like, "Oh my god, what
are you? I've never seen you [laughter]
like what are you?" And she's like, "Oh,
darling, your dog is so cute." I'm like,
"Oh, thank you." I was like, "Oh my god,
[laughter]
thank you." I'm like, "Oh my, I've never
seen like a real like I thought it was
like people." I didn't realize they were
real people. I thought it was just like
I thought it was like a movie
stereotype. Yeah. Corville type [__] I
thought it was just like a movie trope
or something. But I was like, "Oh my
god, there's people like this in real
life." And she lives in my apartment. It
was It was apartment complex. Yeah. I
thought it was like a TV/mov trope and I
was like, "Oh my god, wait, she's real."
Um, so I was just like stunned. I was
like, "Oh my god, I get I can't believe
I get to witness like I can't believe I
get to see this in real life." Uh, I
didn't watch Devil Wars Prada, too. I
was just I I saw it everywhere though on
like Twitter and everything. Um, yeah,
she it was Corella. All I Corella
witness protection. [laughter]
Yeah, she's in witness protection right
now living in Canada. Uh, she's
definitely on the top floor. She might
have I She came from down like I you
know I clicked down and then she was
still in the elevator so she was
definitely on the floor higher than
mine. Um anyway guys, today we are going
to play Vampire Crawlers. It's from the
creators of Vampire Survivors. I have
never played uh a card building. I will
say cardsu does not count. Uh [laughter]
it's like baby's first card game. Um
anyway, so I've never bu actually played
uh a card uh card battler deck building
game before. So this is going to be my
first time. I saw a lot I've been
looking forward to trying it out. Even
though I've never played these types of
games before, I was
looking forward to trying this out
because I saw a lot of really good
reviews. Um I never even played I know a
lot of people like, "Oh, you should try
Slay the Spire and stuff, but like um
I'm a little bit intimidated to play
Slay the Spire
just because like I never had never
played these types of genres before. So,
this is going to be my first time. Um I
decided to start with vampire crawlers.
uh only because it seems easier and also
um I liked Vampire Survivor so I trust
the devs um and what they do and it has
a lot of good reviews and too so you
know
you know I've always I wanted to try out
because of that the dev seems to know
what they're doing and I trust the devs.
Let me see. All right, I just need the
game to show up. Hello game. Show up on
my screen. I sw Oh, wait. I got to get
rid of the switch. All right, here we
go.
All right, we go up to it. We go in
knife.
Ooh, thank god I only have one card.
Oh, now there's three bats. Don't worry,
my trusty knives. Got it.
Oh, the king Bible. Oh, I know what that
is. I played vampire survivors.
I got pancake.
I can use WC. Okay, that's much more
efficient. I can press less mouse
buttons. All right. Also, sound good.
Let me know if everything's okay. An
ascending mana course cost order for a
combo multiplier. Okay, so that means I
can do more than one card. Uh,
when do I use the panc? Oh, can Oh, is
the pancake activated now? Like
passively? Is that what it is?
Is it Q and E to turn?
Oh, it is a passive. Okay.
Oh, wait. I was trying to do the Oh, I
still do it. Okay.
Oh, I don't have enough cards.
All right. Knife time
and then Bible.
All right. knife.
Thank god.
All right, axe. All right, I'll get the
axe.
Oh my god, it's just all bats.
All right,
and then Oh, I don't have enough. [__]
I wasn't thinking about numbers
[laughter]
as always. I was not thinking about the
numbers. The numbers hard.
Uh oh. Wait, do I do left side dokie?
You guys need to see my Okay, wait. Let
me let me go be left side. Do I? I feel
like I see my card points more than my
health.
All right,
here we go.
Uh, I'll do a
numbers. What do they mean? All right.
Ooh, I like spinach. I bash my head into
the problem. Eventually, it'll work.
Uh, I'll do axe.
And then I should have done spinish
first. Uh, [laughter]
as you guys can see, I do not play card
games often.
[laughter]
Oops. All right. Spinach and then axe.
Okay.
Baby's first card game. Oh my gosh. So
many vampires. It's like this place is
haunted or something. Okay. Bible.
Holy [__] they're so strong. Oh, we'll
do axe.
Bible as well. Oh, I got water. Okay. Oh
my god. Free water.
And then more more knife.
Uh, spinish axe.
All right. All right, one more.
I can live this. Don't worry, I
definitely have I have like 100 HP right
now.
Okay. Okay. Nice. Five bat.
There's spinach.
Good knife.
Are you serious? Oh my gosh. I've done
Okay,
we do axe. Good old axe.
I'm not combo. I forgot about the combo.
I [laughter]
Oh, it's okay. It's okay. Thank you,
Crawler. But the vampire is in another
cast. God damn it. You draw a pot of
greed of your It's your only chance.
Thank you for the super chat. Thank you.
Thank you. My brain. That little space
in my brain that's supposed to be for
numbers. It's for It's been taken over
by Pokemon
Town Hall tracks your unlocks. Oh, what
did I unlock? Oh, okay.
I ra res rescued Antonio
uh in the average Italian countryside.
What can I do with Antonio?
Okay.
Okay. Instant movement. Invert rotate
map with player power saving mode. There
anything I actually need though? Oh,
500. Yeah, I got to need all those
frames, that's for sure. Uh screen
shake, enemy shake. Uh it's fine. It's a
card game. I don't think I have to worry
about that.
World map. Okay, let's go forth.
Uh, unlock difficulty. Mad forest. All
right, we go to the mad forest.
Hello, bats. It's nice. Oh, whip. Can we
get thisa?
Get out of here. Oh, okay. Match deals
30 damage. Ooh.
Increase your luck for a chance to get I
feel that.
Let's grab the knife. Uh,
I'll do knife. The crit seems better.
Oh, what did that break?
Okay.
Spinach. And then whip. Whip.
All right, we'll grab these guys. Oh,
armor.
Wait, add three armor. Deal 10% more
damage when a red card is played.
Triggers five times. Uh, we'll do armor
>> and then the stereo. Now you can't do
[__]
Whip. Whip.
Thank you, Antonio.
Okay, there's a boss here. So, we're
going to get like more cards first
before we do anything.
Ah,
let's get more knife. Oh, I should have
grabbed the spinner, shouldn't I? Oh,
>> welcome.
>> Nice.
I mean, I feel like crit is good.
Oh, I keep bashing my head. Oh. Oh,
where am I? Where? Oh, I'm back in the
I'm back in there. Maps are hard.
[laughter]
It's like, where did I go?
Oh, there's a strong one. There's a blue
one. All right, Antonio, come to me.
Antonio, I'm going to call a friend.
Okay, whipped him out.
>> Farewell.
>> Holy [__] she lives that. Don't worry,
I have.
>> Okay, we have Antonio again.
>> Oh my god, she's He's so buff.
>> Nice. Okay.
Yeah, the big bats are scary. I'm going
to try. Do we get knife or spinach?
I feel like our spinach is reach pretty
strong, but we could get even how is it
like we get more spinach cards.
More knife or Bible. Okay.
Oh, what is that? Go dig.
Oh. Oh [__] Wait, where am I?
[laughter]
Oh, that's like I went down. Okay. Okay,
we got more items that gems and cards.
Find gems in chest or when leveling up.
Okay, that should be like combo. Oh, we
got chest.
It's twice as hard.
Grab knife.
That's right. Put that in that knife.
I'm scared.
Oh, wait. There's something over there.
You see that?
Oh, now there's skellies.
>> All right.
All good.
Knew it. I saw the fire. I remember
that. Also, do the combos go in now or
was that from the last level?
Welcome.
>> Okay, then we whip him.
>> That's fine. We have the armor.
Oh, I still have the combos. Okay,
I have two deal eight damage to multiple
enemies. Oh, combos are forever. Okay,
so ascend. Okay, so I should do the
ascending order thing. Uh,
armor and knife, guys.
Armor and knife.
Armor.
I mean, the fire was from the
[clears throat] from the original game,
so I assume it was something.
Okay.
Whip spinach. And then Bible.
Okay. Armor, knife.
Oh, dead.
Oh, there's a question mark. What is
that? Oh, plus one mana. That's good.
Okay, wait. I'm going to kill these
little guys for more money.
Uh, armor
spinach whip.
That's right. Antonio, come in here.
Whip him
and knife.
All right, I'm understanding. I'm
getting it. I'm doing combos. I know how
to count more than two. Okay, knife and
five.
Let's [__] go. That's why I'm gaming.
All right. Uh,
knife and then finish and then knife
again. You'll never expect a double
knife.
Okay, nice. We got Oh [__] I wanted to
kill the other guy that's just chilling.
Whip
five.
Oh, I should have un spinish in them.
[laughter]
Hey, armor whip and then double armor.
Uh,
knife.
Oh my god. Free knife. Let's go.
Antonio knife.
And then knife again.
Okay, the big guy is coming. The big
boss.
All right. And then knife.
Uh
whip
>> knife armor.
Yeah.
Armor Bible
with I'm getting it. I'm getting it.
Antonio, come over here again. I need
you. Okay. Oops. I was getting it.
[laughter]
>> I saw one and I got so excited. Guys,
you don't understand. I saw the one. I
was like, I want to be number one.
[laughter]
Uh, we got more Bible. I don't think we
have a lot of Bibles.
You know what? Where's the other guy?
[__] you, Jess. We killed your dad, but
you're coming down with me.
>> All right. Nice.
My strength is yours.
>> And just cuz your dad is dead doesn't
mean I won't kill you, too.
All right, there you go. Got to make
sure no survivors.
All right, we can't have someone coming
in for revenge.
Oh, let's grab that
plus two.
Put it on the You want the Bible or the
another knife? Yeah. No revenge plots
allowed. No vampire. This is a vampire
survivors.
[laughter]
You got to crawl your way out of here.
Bible. All right. We'll put on the
Bible.
All right. Get down. Yes. Deeper.
All right. We'll kill the bats. The bats
are easy.
knife.
Yeah, I don't think I need to worry
about the other stuff. Probably come a
little bit. Okay, music could probably
come up a little bit. All right, give me
a sec. Let me music. Uh, we'll put it.
All right, let me know if it's better,
sound guy. Oh, wait. The boss is right.
Wait, what? Oh, that's the boss. He's a
zombie.
What?
All right, let's kill this guy right
now. Oh [__] that's a lot of guys.
Oh my god. Wait, they're pretty tanky.
Oh no. Okay, wait.
And then this.
I think I can find a chicken. I'm pretty
sure we're still early game. There might
be a chicken somewhere. And then the
knife.
Uh, Antonio
Nev. Oh [__] I didn't even see the bat.
Double knife armor.
I got leveled up. Uh,
spinacher knife. Guys, this feels like
this could be I think if this was
released on mobile, I think they'll do
really well. This seems like a sitting
on the toilet type game. [laughter]
Sitting on the toilet for more emeralds
type game. The spinach. Yeah, I'll get
the spinach.
All right. If someone says
>> more spinachelcome,
[laughter]
please.
Oh, no. I needed I need HPs fast.
What about leaning on the toilet?
All right, we'll get plus two. Put on
the Bible
bucket.
Oh, 80 damage with knock back. Let's go.
All right, here we go.
Too late. I put it on the Bible.
We'll let God take care of it.
>> My strength is your shield.
>> All right. Nice. Still have the armor.
>> Okay. Oh my god. 60%. Let's go.
We're going to teach these guys how to
read. See, I told you. I knew there was
going to be a chicken somewhere. Oh,
there's a little guy. Oh,
okay. Nice. Smash. Uh,
one magic one or spinach? I feel like
spinach, right?
Yeah. I got the power of God in anime.
More spinach. You're right. But I'll be
buff as [__] by the end of it. You're
going to see me. I'll be like 80 times
bigger. Pure muscle. Okay, now it's just
all spinach.
>> [laughter]
>> Why did Antonio leave? Was that Tupa?
>> Yeah.
Uh, where?
Oh, I feel like spinach more just cuz
like of the plus the long term of the
damage boost. It's just better. Armor
and then whip.
Uh,
babble alert. Baba, I don't need I need
I need to think about it.
God will save me.
The spinach babble and then Bible again.
If I'm on God's side,
then I can never lose.
Uh
then spinach and then knife.
It's cuz the times two with plus 20%.
Look at that. See, I'm thinking with
numbers now. True. [laughter]
>> To your aid.
>> All right. Deal 20 and then I'm think
about the long term here. Oh [__] Wait.
[laughter]
>> Wait.
I'm still thinking about the long term,
guys. I'm I'm defin I have so much HP
right now, guys.
[laughter]
>> Okay, just me and you to tank it all.
This one. You're block. Yeah, that's
right. Cuz I'm blocking the HP cuz I
have 100 HP right now. You don't have to
see it, guys. I definitely have 100 HP.
Oh [__] Uh,
[groaning]
okay. Uh,
okay. Yes. Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God.
Okay, we'll get knife. I don't think we
need any more knife. Okay, maybe there's
some fire stuff here. Maybe there's an
extra chicken somewhere.
Oh [__] Okay, we might we
if we cash out. Do we just get $200
or does this give me Do I go until I die
or like do I leave? What is cash out?
Okay. Yes. For what? I said two options.
What?
Oh,
so I It just gives me money instead of
this.
Oh, take money but keep going.
Uh,
I'm thinking if I if I live. [laughter]
I'm just thinking.
I'm going to I'm cashing out. I'm
cashing out. I don't think I'm going to
make it past this level.
Unless,
never mind. Oh, unless Oh, I thought
that was a
We're going to cash out.
I'm thinking long term. I'm thinking
about the investments, guys.
It's some just money. Yeah, there is a
chest here. Don't worry.
>> I have so much HP right now. In fact, I
have 120 HP.
Don't worry about it.
>> Armor bab.
>> Yeah. In fact, after this area, I got
120 HP, too.
They're like, "You're doing so good.
Here's 100 HP." And I was like, "Oh,
thank you." I knew I was doing pretty
all right.
Oh, [__] Okay. Uh, whip.
All right. Uh,
whip spinach babble.
Uh, Antonio Bible. Bible. Double Bible.
Oh, they got chicken. Why are there no
chicken?
Yeah,
I'm cashing out. I don't I'm cashing
out. I don't think I don't think we're
going to get out of this dungeon.
Finish fiber
armor
knife like 2x knife.
I wonder if I can break the tombstone. I
don't know. Some people might hidden
money in the tombstone.
Okay, there's a lot of people there. Oh,
there could be chicken over there. Right
past this guy.
>> All right, Antonio.
And I'm going to take that risk.
I'll take this finish right now. Oh no.
Oh no. Okay.
And then viable.
And then there's no way that skeleton's
living through that.
You enter. I end my turn and I leave.
[laughter]
And I run away.
I only am living past this battle. This
is not looking too good. Oh no.
It's all right. It's okay. I got a lot
of money though.
Oh, what is this? Reach level 10.
Collect two mana hearts. Crawler
selection unlocked. Oh, I got the in. I
got powerup shop. All right. Unlocked a
lot of stuff.
Sorry. Yeah, that zombie hit me for 100
HP there. Rroll choices. Add one armor
per rank. Increase duration crawler save
by one rank. Gain 20% more XP. I feel
like that the growth, right?
I know. It's so unbalanced. I know. They
got to patch that real quick. Always buy
the extra gold first. There's no extra
gold though. I'm like afford the other
two.
Growth for damage. I feel like growth. I
feel like this XP. I'm going grab the
I'm going grab that. Now I have $10.
All right.
Uh
oh. The end
of an Ask Mighty Crawlers add 15 XP when
Oh, this for like I feel like Antonio is
better
when a yellow card when Oh, gain 15 XP
when she is played. Actually, she is.
She's never mind. I see like a blue
choice.
>> She has a yellow card. Add 50 XP when I
is played. gain one XP growth when a
yellow car. She's broken as [__] Okay,
I trust you guys. All right, let's go
in. Back at it again.
Oh, I have the library. I have the
library already. Did I finish the mad
forest? I guess I did cuz I got the
item. Is it considered finished if I got
the item?
What does that mean?
Oh no. Oh, I bought the got the Oh, I
might as well go through the forest
again. I'm going to try a forest.
I'm try a forest just to see how she
plays.
Uh, armor orb.
I draw I draw one card and I end my
turn.
Uh,
all right. I'll add 21 XP.
P. Oh my god. Pot of grease. Yeah.
Do I get sniper? Baba.
Oh my god. I got another one.
Gain three max health destroy. What?
But what do you mean destroy? Who are
they destroying? My heart.
Do we get
I can stack HP now. Oh, one time use.
Oh.
All right. Do we get hollow heart or
attractor?
Oh, I get removes forever.
Tractor pod agreed or hollow heart.
Okay, pod agreed.
Oh, draw draw two cards. Oh my god.
[laughter]
So many cards. I don't know what to do
with all these cards now.
Okay. Do that
and then I'll draw two cards. Yes. And
then [laughter]
what do I do with all these cards?
And then I'll draw two more cards.
[laughter] And then
and I'll do that. And then I ran out of
I ran out of card draws. Oh, and I can
do that.
I'll [laughter] draw cards forever.
You need to attack
or I can draw two cards [laughter]
and then I'll draw two more cards.
[laughter]
This is the green. I'm using the Exodia
deck. I keep drawing cards forever.
All right. Add one increases area stat.
Wait. Oh my god. It's rainbow. Wait,
what the [__] is rainbow?
[laughter]
What does it do?
I draw three more cards and then and I
just
gem
mana for more greed.
It's shiny though.
Guys, it's shiny. Empty tome is But it's
so shiny.
Okay, I'll grab empty tome. And then I
draw two cards. And then
I'll add a mana. I don't need it, but I
got armor though.
Okay, I match. Draw two more cards
and then
put on my armor
and I win.
I thought there was a fire next to me.
Oh, there is a fire next to me.
Oh my god. Wait, I think Yeah, she's
crazy now. I understand, guys. I
understand now what you mean when you
said she's crazy broken.
Wait, I got another rainbow. Oh my god.
and golden armor. Oh my god, the
choices,
guys. I got another rainbow.
Oh my god,
TPA. [laughter]
There's so many choices. I don't know.
They're all so good. [laughter] More
bod,
more mana, and more drop.
We must gamble. But but it's so shiny.
[laughter]
Oh my god. Pod agreed. 500
just Oh [__] Drop. But imagine. Oh my
god. And I draw two more cards. Oh,
she's dead. I I have to stop drawing
cards. He's already dead. Like stop,
Toki. Please. Two more cards. And then
what did I draw? Another two cards. And
then I ran out of stuff. Um
Oh, I got the Bible though.
500 B. I'm going to run out of cards to
draw by that time. [laughter]
And then more cards.
And then more. Oh my god. And more.
[laughter]
And oh, I'm I'm done.
Uh, now I don't even know what to get.
[laughter]
[laughter] So much greed. Just keep on
drawing cards.
Magic wand. All right,
we got the magic wand.
Oh my god. Can the guy finally hit me
yet? [laughter]
He's just like, "Please, can I finally
make my move?" I was like, "No,
[laughter] I need to continue getting
cards."
What the [__] What is that? Evolve.
Evolution.
All right. Select which card? Any card.
All right. What did I evolve to? Oh my
god. The holy one.
Evolution.
That's right. My My sword.
My sword has been blessed by God.
Grab that and draw two more cards. Oh my
god. We Oh, [__] I don't even have the
I don't even have the stats to use the
Holy One. It's okay. But I can draw two
more cards though.
I could keep on doing it. Oh guys,
apparently I can't do it anymore.
[laughter]
What if instead of making a move, I draw
two more cars? Oops. [laughter]
Okay, I hope.
>> All right, there we go. Pack need to
stop before it's too late,
thank you for the super chat tip. Thank
you. Thank you.
>> Come on.
>> All right.
Okay. Spinach, hollow heart, or knife.
You sacrifice the mana for a power you
can't even control
the pot. It's calling me.
Oh my god. I draw two more cards
and I magic wand. I get max HP and I
magic wand.
Okay. Holy [__] I can go holy wand
right now. Okay.
Two cards and then magic wand.
>> Okay. I draw two cards.
>> Yes.
>> Oh my god. And then the holy one.
[laughter]
It's all coming together. It's all
coming together. The combo.
Who said I can't control the power?
He is speaking to me right now. I am his
prophet. [laughter]
I am God's chosen child.
I'm the [laughter] second coming of
Christ. Oh my. She's going. Oh no.
It's going [laughter]
the power is going to her head right
now.
Go armor to show your [laughter] green.
Absolute power corrupts.
Do I get more car? Do I draw more cards
or do I get golden armor? Oh [laughter]
no, she's got mad with power.
[laughter]
You're right. We keep on drawing cards.
What are these? Those aren't These
aren't pots. Wait. Draw us a card.
[laughter] Wait.
Oh my god. Wait. I can draw a card while
using a magic wand. Let's go.
[laughter] Card draw
more. I'm going to run out of cards
soon. [laughter and gasps]
Oh my god. I can draw more cards. Let's
[__] go. It never ends. [laughter]
Let's put another one in there. Let's
draw more cards. [laughter]
We're going to run out, guys.
More. Oh my god. We draw a card and then
we draw two more cards and then we do
this. [laughter] I only have to draw
cards.
Let the engine run. Oh my god. We draw a
card. Oh, it's a perfect combo. We can't
do anything about it. Infinite draw
cards.
This is the run. We draw a card to a
draw a card and then holy one.
We created the perfect combo. I can't be
stopped now. Draw a card. And then I get
free XP. And then those aren't draw
card. What are these powerups? I've
never seen them in my life. [laughter]
What do any of these do? I've never seen
them before. All I see are pots and
orbs.
[laughter]
I'm the cage of a certain old man and
fought for justice and totally was not
an evil space wizard. Power. [laughter]
Absolute power. Yes. Thank you for the
super chat. You're right. All right. And
then, oh my god, I could get more HP. Or
I could draw two more cards. And then
I'll use the magic wand. And then I can
Okay, I should actually use hollow heart
because I'm running up. And then
I put on my armor and I draw two more
cards. Okay. And he hits me. Okay.
And I draw two more cards and I want it.
All right. I got to find myself some
chicken soon.
plus one mana. That's always good.
I really need to find some chicken.
Uh where are these? These are not.
[laughter]
Okay. Chicken. Okay. I need to find some
chicken real soon. Okay. Draw a card.
And then I draw two more card. And then
I draw two more card and then I totally
won. It's like I'm doing Potter Creed
until I find Exodia. Right now
this is like this is actually the Exodia
deck and then I draw two cards and holy
wine.
Step one draw. Step two draw. Step three
question mark win. Okay. We need empty
tome. [laughter] All right. All right.
We got our empty tome back. Oh, thank
god we got the chicken.
He is not expecting this. I draw two
cards,
get empty tome, and then I draw two more
cards again. And then I grab XP. And
then I magic wand. And I draw two cards.
Holy wand. [laughter]
Empty tomb. Oh, I should have And then I
draw a card. And I draw two more cards.
And then I draw another card. Holy one.
[laughter]
I draw a card. I keep drawing cards.
Empty tome. I draw two more cards. And
then Bible. And then holy water. Yeah.
First kill deck. Bro, [laughter]
she's so OP, bro. I
[laughter]
only
I just can't try cars.
Oh my god. Wait. Oh, these are all so
good, too. More mod. [laughter]
It's so easy. It's so simple.
[laughter]
And then And then Holy One. Oh my god.
Imagine Holy One but times two damage.
Wait. Oh no. Really? Wait. Can I back
it? Okay. I can't. I can only do on
Bible. It's only on Bible. Yes. So, I
can't do double one.
They They knew they had to stop me. They
had to put a limiter on me. I had to put
on [laughter] the [__] the [__]
Saiyan armor. The Piccolo armor. A
mount. Okay.
It's the It's the King Bible.
[laughter]
They put the Piccolo armor on me.
And to think pod agreed is banned. Can't
figure out why. I don't understand. How
could they ban such a beautiful card?
[laughter]
Oh my god. Empty tome. Draw a card. Uh,
if I draw another card, I draw two cards
and then I draw get that. I draw two
more cards and then I have empty tone
and then I
[laughter]
could have had it all. Nice.
They're like, when is it my turn?
[laughter] Uh, they had to the stupid
minions had to break my streak and then
Holiwan.
[laughter]
Get over here. All right. Empty tome.
Just imagine. Oh my god. I draw a card.
Just imagine, guys. I just keep
draw two cards. Holy one.
Okay, I draw two cards and then I draw
another card and then I draw two more
cards
and then Oh, they took away.
Oh, the bat's finally here. It took him
a while to get here. Draw two more
cards. I grab this. I draw two more
cards. I grab this. I grab King Baba. I
draw a card. Holy Holy One. Oh, you're
still alive. How are you still alive?
Yes.
>> Oh, there you go. Now you're dead.
Goodbye. [laughter]
Goodbye. Draw until you want you.
There's no such thing as too many orbs.
I need more pots. [laughter] I need
There's no such thing.
I need more. Someone give me more.
[laughter and gasps]
Okay, draw two cards. Holy one.
All right, now we just get rid of the
little guys. They're like, "Where did
the big boy go? He was here a minute
ago."
All right, let's see. Draw two cards.
Draw another card.
Oh my god. I draw two more cards. I get
her. And then I draw two more cards.
Holy one.
[laughter]
More hearts.
More HP.
Yeah. How do I do this if I can't draw
cards?
>> I draw another card. Oh, I don't have
Holy One anymore. Uh,
draw two cards.
I draw two more cards.
>> I get XP.
I draw two more cards. I get armor.
That's so scary how locked in she is
right now. [laughter]
Come back with your cards with gem slots
or cash out. Okay, I'll come back. I
used it all up. [laughter]
Oh my god. Oh my god. Right into it. Oh
my god. The perfect combo. doesn't
exist. They They just They're just
begging to get killed right now. They
just want to die so badly.
>> And then keep drawing cards. Holy one.
Okay.
It's too
powerful. She can draw another car.
[laughter]
Cashing out, fools. [laughter]
Actually, you're right. Maybe cash would
cash out just for the I should just cash
out. I don't need I don't need more
gems.
I have I have my kill cards.
Oh my god. It's They're just begging to
die right here. They just want to die.
Okay.
Oh [__] I didn't mean to press that. It
just
I draw another card and I draw another
card and I draw another card. They won't
expect this. And then what if I draw
another card? [laughter]
Holy.
And I draw another card and I get XP. Uh
all right. Do we actually do more damage
or just go all in on Holy One? Axe. axe
or empty tome. But holy one guy. Okay.
Axe.
And I draw a card
>> powering up.
>> And then axe.
Did he even I don't think he hit me. He
was He was trying to get to me right
now. [laughter] He was Okay. Holy one.
No, it's not Holy One.
All right. He [laughter] did nothing.
I think he couldn't even touch me. He's
like, "When will it be my turn?" And I
was like, "But what if I draw another
card? What if I just keep on drawing
cards?
[laughter]
X2 on axe. All right, let's put that
in."
Is she going to draw another card? Pine
head on the next episode.
Like surely it's going to be my turn,
right? Oh my gosh. They just want to
die.
Empty to
draw another card.
Put an armor and an axe.
All right. Give me your fire.
Draw a card. Holy wand. I draw. What if
I draw another card? And then heart. And
then magic wand. Six HP. And then
magic wand. Draw a card. Ah.
[laughter] That just murder. That's
right. No survivors.
Oh my god. The free XP. I'll do holy one
just cuz it's so strong and then we'll
do axe.
All right.
Draw a card. Bible. Empty tome. Armor.
Come on. You can get here. Don't worry.
I believe in you. You can get over here.
There we go. Just come on. Get closer. I
won't bite. I'll just blast you with my
holy wand. Yes, it's different.
More magic. More magic. Let's go. That's
what I like to see. I don't even need to
put on armor.
Magic control. Not letting your opponent
play their game. Temply. Doi is a dirty
blue deck player. Guys, maybe I can play
Yu-Gi-Oh. Come back. Okay.
[laughter and gasps] I'll come back
later.
Okay. More money.
Oh my god. Straight out the bat, they
just give me the combo right here.
[laughter] They just like just end their
suffering. Just do it. They just
[laughter] just end it for them. They
don't deserves it. They don't deserve
this.
Don't you love it when they just Oh, I
could have clicked. I could have got for
the XP. I got too too excited there.
And draw two cards. Let's draw two more
cards. Draw two more cards. Uh,
get HP and then Baba.
All right, now you guys can Oh my god.
Wait, he hit me. Wait, that's not
supposed to happen. Wait a minute.
[laughter] You're not supposed to touch
me. No, no, no. Well, I don't like that.
I still don't have a card.
Wait a minute. They actually got a turn.
Yeah, I'm going to see. How did he get a
turn? I don't like that.
Oh, got XP, though. All right. Golden
armor, magic wand, or whip. Oh my god,
she got hit. [laughter]
She can bleed.
[laughter]
She She can bleed, guys.
She's not invincible.
We have a chance.
All right. Now I can put this on my
card. Now I can open it. Okay. Oh my
god. Draw a card. Yes. [laughter]
Yes.
That's exactly what I needed. Enable me
more.
There we go.
Oh, nice. Okay, good. That was like a
chicken. I think I got my HP back up.
Draw. Actually, I'll do empty tome and
then I'll magic wand
and then I'll magic wand again and I'll
draw two more cards and then I can do
this. There you go.
All right. Goodbye, flower. It's guard.
It's weeding season. I got my pesticides
ready.
Okay,
I could empty tome and then grab that
and then get more mana and then grab two
more cards and then grab more mana and
grab two more cards and then magic wand
and then grab three cards and then holy
wand
and then I can grab armor, grab two
cards and then do that. grab another
card and grab another card and then grab
armor. Um, and I leveled up. [laughter]
It doesn't stop.
The sav is just sitting there. Uh,
spinach. Can we get spinach?
All right. And then we grab spinach.
Okay. Empty toe. Grab two more cards.
Uh, grab XP. Grab two more cards. Uh,
grab another card. Uh, empty tome. Holy
wad. And then empty tome.
Okay. Oh my god. It's just all Okay.
Magic wand. Grab two cards. Uh, magic
wand.
Grab two more cards. Uh,
I'll do spinach.
>> I helped.
>> Okay. Empty
tome, King Babble,
and then armor. Oh no, he touched me.
Wait, that's not how it's supposed to
go. How is he touching me? [laughter]
Wait a minute.
Who let him touch me?
Okay, I grab two more cards. I get
magic. And then I grab two more cars.
I grab a spinach and then asked in a
question.
Oh my god, it's literally right here.
Holy wine.
Ow. [laughter]
Wait a minute. Who let him near me?
Oh, that's awkward. Um, I guess we're
not coming back. [laughter]
They're like, "Come back." Oh, well, you
have a go. I guess I'm cashing out.
I guess it's cash out time. Oh. Oh, no.
[screaming]
Yay. I completely He's like, you were
you were too powerful. I had to stop
you. God had to send death himself to
stop me. [laughter]
She had to be stopped before it's too
late. [laughter]
That run was crazy.
It was the only way. [laughter]
The sent he sent the reaper to deal with
me.
All right. What do we get? I feel like
we got to get more growth, right?
[laughter]
was the death. Yeah, death himself had
to stop her. It was the only way or the
universe would collapse. [laughter]
The only thing they feared.
I feel like damage, right? Just imagine.
Oh, the holy one actually came in so
clutch.
More XP.
[laughter]
Yeah. Oh my god. The holy the holy wand.
It was set up perfectly for me.
Armor at least one level. All right,
we'll grab one armor.
[screaming]
Also heal. Wait, is this or is this
recovery? I We grab armor and recovery.
We'll grab armor and recovery here.
We're at 500.
Never has the phrase green is good
before relevant to now any time for an
batar. Thank you for super chat. Thank
you. Thank you. I'm going grab this.
Yeah, max HP. There you go.
Is there any more in the end?
I don't think I need anymore. I think we
got the perfect hero. [laughter]
All right. They're like, "Please go to
the next level." [laughter]
[gasps] Wait, but then there's furious
forest.
The forest is now even more mad.
I missed my draw card. Ooh, fire wand.
Wait, fire one or Bible? Oh snap, the
matter forest. That's right. I'm angry.
I was reborn. Death might have killed my
first form, but I reincarnated. I'm back
for revenge. [laughter]
That's right. They thought I would
[laughter] They thought I would be happy
in heaven, but I came back. I came back.
I need more
fire wand in the forest. That's true. Or
magic wand or knife or Bible?
You're right. Fire is always good in the
forest.
Somehow she returned. [laughter]
All right. One or Bible? Any? I'll take
the wand.
All right. Fire one.
I came back. I was reborn. I have to
finish what I started. Oh, connect and
continue combos. Wait, what?
Oh, I can use it. Oh, 01 and then clover
012. Oh, that's cool. That's neat.
Combos with any card.
Okay. Add 10% luck and destroy. Oh,
okay.
Their one time Muse returns to hand
after playing. What?
It's so shiny. Wait, but two mana. [__]
This is so shiny.
[laughter]
I'm going to grab it.
Okay.
Don't for oops.
But it's so shiny though. But it's so
shiny. [laughter]
How could shiny bead?
Okay, I draw two cards
>> and I do this.
If sh if Johnny how bad.
Okay,
like might maybe
I'll get wide at 10% might.
All right, rip him.
Then mana armor.
Draw two cards.
>> And then
10% might shine. Good. Wait, there's a
grave here.
Now I can see why how this can get
addicting. I think I'm just going to
kill all these guys. Oh, wait. They're
still alive. Never mind. Oh, no. They're
dead. Oh, no. I leveled up. Garlic to
the front row. This arm. Garlic or light
toe. I like how they stopped giving me
orbs.
They They saw They saw the power I
wield, chat. They're afraid.
They're scared. They're so scared. They
see the power.
[laughter]
It's afraid.
Ah,
I'm back. [laughter]
I'm back.
I just need more R orbs and it'll be
complete.
Oh, I found a relic. unlocks the fortune
teller
that the legendary return. Nothing can
stop me now.
All right. Ooh, crown.
Ooh, empty tome. Oh my god. Wait, but XP
I feel like crown, right?
told but but crown
but but crown though [laughter]
but gamma it's not gamma it's early
crown
crown it's an early run
all right let's go oh wait there's a
chest here next to the boss that's nice
can I get like
does it put me on my holy wand No, it
doesn't. Double damage.
Okay, double uh all personnel evacuate
the facility immediately. Doki has the
holy one.
I don't have to on it on tome though. So
I think I feel like
X2 maybe for do we do garlic or
garlic or magic wand for that?
Check the cards for might.
Yeah, maybe garlic.
All right, we'll put that on garlic.
All right,
I draw two cards. I holy one and I put
armor on. And then, oh my god, it's
right here. Oh my god. All right, holy
one.
Or fire one. Sorry. It feels the same.
Oh my god. They just They just want to
die, I guess. [laughter]
[__] Okay, guys. I could draw another
card or I do light tome. Oh my god, he
disappeared. He [__] evaporated.
[laughter]
I could but I could draw more cards,
guys. I could always get a toone. But I
could always draw more cars.
Oh, why [laughter] hesitate? Or You're
right. Never hesitate on drawing more
cards. What? Let's put it on magic wand.
More green.
or area. All right, guys. Which one?
Return area might cuz we can only put it
on magic wand.
Might. You don't need area.
All right,
let's go. Take me down.
C was like, cash out. [laughter]
They're like, you don't need more. Just
cash out.
What's the point?
Scarlet.
I could draw more card. Oh, I could get
health max. Actually, I think Maxelf,
it's back. But it [laughter] had to be.
They would m draw a card.
Oh.
Oh, these choices are so good.
Oh. [screaming]
Okay,
this is the only time I draw I take this
before other than how could you do what
could you do this or
don't worry I'll be back I just had to
just one time it was just one time
wait what's the difference between that
oh that's boss whip okay
I for mana
add more armor and I'll do that.
Okay,
I'll do
I draw two cards. Holy water. It didn't
really matter, but I still I just want
to do that.
Okay, that
I'll do garlic. Oh, what the [__] He
lives.
Holy [__] Okay, these guys are tanky,
but it's okay.
I can draw another card. I draw two
cards. Holy one. I do this. I add four
mana. I draw another card. I draw two
more cards. Uh, I do garlic. I get
armor.
A magic wand. Draw two cards. Holy wand.
I take armor.
Okay.
Magic wand. Draw two cards.
Magic wand. Light tome. Scarlic fire
one.
Okay. Armor draw two cards.
Holy one.
Okay, let's draw.
Let's do We need more mana or magic
wand. I don't think we need armor.
[laughter] I don't think armor is in the
equation anymore.
One more to All right. God, we need to
draw a card to
Oh my god, I can have two magic,
[laughter]
guys.
Imagine two. Holy wands though.
[laughter]
Two holy wands.
It's a trap,
guys. Two holy ones.
Oh my god. God is good.
God knows what's up.
Okay, I get him out of here. Oh, nice.
More light to
draw two cards.
I get more light tome. I get golden
armor.
And then
I draw two cards. Holy holy one. Never
punished.
Death tried to stop me, but look who's
laughing now.
I came back stronger than ever.
Draw two cards. Holy one
spinach or more mana guys somewhat.
Nothing can stop me now. [laughter]
Spinach or light toe guys.
More mana. More. You're right. More
mana. Who am I kidding? Always more
mana.
Okay. That's 25 coins. combos with any
card.
Draw two cards though. I could have four
mana. I could draw two cards though. I
could have four. I draw two cards.
>> I helped [laughter]
I draw two cards.
Yeah.
I could have eight mana. I could draw
four cards. I could have eight mana, but
I could draw four cards. I draw four
cards.
I could draw two cards or I should add
four mana. This is the time I should
actually add and then only one.
Okay, none of these. Okay, I draw two
cards.
I have more mana.
I get garlic. I got more mana. Armor.
Oh my god. [laughter]
The double holy one.
We'll do that. Holy one.
Yeah. I feel I have too many holy I I
don't need another axe. I feel like
Bible maybe we do wielding now. Two holy
ones. I think that's at that point axe
is like
for all the mana you can get zero cry. I
feel like armor for free card. You're
right. I need a free zero.
Yeah, I need that. I need the I need the
zero for the one. Okay, grab that. I
draw two cards.
I get the armor.
I have four mana. I draw a card. I add
more mana. I draw another card. And then
I draw I have three mana. Okay,
I draw two cards. My mouse died.
[laughter]
They are trying to stop me
from drawing more cards. Yes. Okay,
magic wand. I draw two more cards
and then holy wand.
Oh [__]
What is that going to do?
Yeah, I had poor mana.
There we go. [laughter] Or she's too
powerful. They try to stop me by get by
letting my mouse die. Refunds mana. What
kind of refund? Oh, I can refund the
mana.
Do we do refund or increase my
[laughter]
be like refund right for the light tome
free mana? Oh [__] there was a [__]
fire over there. I wasn't looking.
Okay, we grab this.
Okay, knife or garlic. I feel like knife
so we can have a free zero. We're
running out of zeros. [laughter]
>> Only one and they're all dead.
We have too many ones.
All right,
I'm not too worried about damage
anymore. [laughter]
Damage is just Yes. Oh my god, it was
chicken. I should have saved that. I was
so used to just smashing my head into
light poles.
Knife,
mana,
uh, garlic,
one, and then golden armor.
Okay,
draw two cards. Holy one.
Oh my god, double damage. Oh my god.
Draw another card. Oh my god, but double
damage. [laughter]
Do I have enough mana for this?
[laughter]
Oh my god. Double damage. But then
draw a card
but orb though.
Oh my god. But it's so shiny.
Free zero
but orb.
You need to cycle more greed. You're
right. I should never betray greed.
Sacrifice cards at the correct color to
unlock.
Okay, I do have a lot of y. Okay, we can
get rid of
Okay.
And what do we get rid of? Well,
obviously one of them has to be the orb,
but do we get rid of the golden or armor
or the regular armor chat?
The gold one gold armor and one
All right.
And then one this.
What do we get?
Oh my god, it was worth it. We draw a
card. We draw. It was so worth it. That
we draw a card.
We never stop.
Oh my god. We get refund, too. And then
refund. And then holy wand.
Free draw.
Never punished.
Doesn't really matter what we use,
honestly.
Yeah. Knife. So, we can draw a card and
then we can draw another card and then
holy wand.
I can't keep getting away with this. Oh
my god, the double holy wand. [gasps]
All right, we got to get this so we can
do the holy wand
and then we attract another card and
then we get garlet here.
Oh, we can get more. We get more mana.
Oh, more mana.
Okay, we have the luck.
All right, give me your chest. So, draw
a card.
What does it add to? Oh, it's my light
tome. All right.
Do we want might area or armor? Oh, get
might.
All right. Put on my light tome.
All
right, money.
This is so easy.
Draw two cards. Holy wand. Get armor.
Get XP.
Fire one. Holy wand. And then magic
knife.
Oh, I could draw another card. Okay.
Mana, clover, magic,
>> holy wise.
There you go. Oh, he's right there. Oh,
hey, free upgrade.
Permit stat boost.
I should cash out. I'm cashing out. I
don't need armor.
>> [laughter]
>> I absolutely do not need more armor.
Oh, there it is. Plus one. Oh, plus one
mana. That's what we need.
All right,
I'm going to keep this
actually. Should I keep it?
I could do mana clover.
12 armor and then holy one. Oh my god,
that was crazy. That actually went
crazy. And then I can get more.
[laughter] That actually went [__]
crazy.
All right, mana, knife orb, guys. I
don't know if we have too many orbs and
we need zero.
Is there such thing as too many greed?
You're right. There's no such thing as
too many orbs. You're so right. You're
so [__] right, guys. There's no such
thing. What are you talking about, Toi?
>> Perfection.
You're so right, guys. How could I be
foolish to think that?
All right,
he has to walk closer. He's so far away
from me.
[laughter] It's just all the strong
cards now. And then grab two more cards.
And now grab armor. [laughter]
Yeah.
Mana,
armor, mana again, and then more mana.
Oh no, guys. I think I have too many
draw cards. [laughter]
I might have too many.
Hey, refund the mana, please.
No, you don't. I can't stop you.
[laughter]
Nonsense. Keep trying. [laughter]
What do
you mean now? I don't think it matters
what order I do for this.
Oh, wait. I win. Never punish.
Never [__] punished.
two magic wand.
All right. Oh my god. Can I have another
holy wand? Just [laughter] that guys.
Okay, I think I have too many holy wands
now. I I legitimately think I have too
many holy wands.
[laughter]
Never doubt the greed. I got more
more wands. Oh, what if I had three holy
wands, guys? Imagine. Imagine if I had
three. [laughter]
We're going to refund the toes.
I do believe that we [laughter] might
have too many. I don't think we need
three magic wands. Boo.
Boo. [laughter]
We want more magic wands.
Boo,
[laughter]
more wands.
Okay.
Even dad's like, "More."
pit.
Draw a card. Magic wand. Draw another
card. Magic wand.
Okay. Draw a card.
Mana
and then just more of that.
Okay.
And then holy one. More wands.
Adam man more.
Do you think there is such a thing as
too many?
Draw a card. Holy one garlic.
Oh, wait. Duplicate fires one more.
Okay. Wait.
Okay, you stopped barking. I was going
to say, all right,
spinach. We I don't think Okay, I have
to beat him real quick, guys.
Oh, I'm back.
I'm back, guys.
All right, which one do we get?
Duplicator or spinach,
guys?
Duplicator or spinach, chat? Dup.
Duplicator. All right.
I don't know what we duped. Okay, we
draw a card.
We add more mana. We magic one. We draw
two cards. We add more mana. We draw two
more cards. Uh armor.
I legitimately don't even think we
Oh, I could have eight armor. Let's just
grab that.
Add four armor and more magic.
Okay.
Draw a card. Holy wand.
>> Get XP.
>> Magic. Oh, we could draw two more cards
though. [laughter]
Do I do damage or draw two more cards?
Decisions, decisions.
I could get empty tome. Okay, I did not
get an empty tome. We're just going to
do more small damage.
Draw two cards. Magic one. Holy one. Oh,
it's draw card. Oh, it's ga. You don't
know what you might [laughter] get.
Oh my god. It's just all magic. Like,
what am I going to do with all this
magic? [laughter]
Draw two cards. Holy one.
I could draw another card. No. Oh my
god, the werewolves are here now.
Fires two more projectiles.
I can draw a card.
I can draw another card.
I can magic wand and I draw another
card. And I can magic and I draw two
more cards. And then I can magic again.
And then
I can draw two more cards and I can have
armor and then XP. Oh my god, it's not
going so Oh my god, this might be it.
[laughter]
Okay,
I get a card. Santa water
burns at enemies after this turn.
Stop trying.
[laughter]
You're right. the combo. Santa water,
guys. But what if I draw two more cards,
guys? [laughter]
Guys, but what if though?
Imagine if I draw two more cards.
Just think about it.
[laughter] It'll be so funny.
I say
>> yeah.
>> Draw two cards. Holy one.
Draw two cards. [laughter]
But what if I keep drawing cards? Think
about the possibilities.
Reduce armor. Cashing out.
Okay, there is one. Oh my god, it's just
a coin bag, though.
God, I need food so bad.
It'll never be over [gasps and laughter]
as long as I can keep drawing cards.
>> Okay, I helped.
Oh my god. There we go. It finally
stopped. Oh my. It's just all ones. Oh
my god. I might have made a mistake.
It's just all ones. [laughter]
Okay,
let's get rid of these guys.
Okay, we might need more zeros. I think
I think we might need more zeros. I
[laughter] I think I think there's a
possibility that we might need more
zeros, guys. Just a maybe
>> duplicated. Holy one
food. Oh my god. Thank god. Okay, not
never punished. All right, we got food.
It's not as bad now. Okay, these
werewolves go [__] hard right now.
If only I had more draw cards.
Okay,
there is refund here.
Oh [__]
Yeah. Armor draw two cards. Armor
duplicator.
Magic wand.
Draw two cards. Armor.
Golden tome. Armor.
All right. It's all We're all in on
armor. Oh my god. Okay.
Draw a card. Holy wand.
refund phantom water.
Okay. XP
duplicator,
golden armor, magic wand.
Oh, this is getting harder now. We got
We got to draw a card.
Heal. Scarlet.
Nice. Okay.
Knife or magic wand, chat? Knife, right?
Knife be better? We don't have a knife
right now. Axe. We have a lot of ma holy
wands. I think we're fine. I [laughter]
I think we're fine with the holy wands.
Knife or wand. One access knockback.
Okay. One. All right.
All right. Nice.
All right. Let's see if we survive this
boss fight.
Yeah. Magic wand.
Oh, I could do duplic. I'm going to do
duplicator for the holy wand and then
draw two cards.
Okay.
knife.
Oh my god. I could have done the Santa
water, too. All right. Give me
Oh my god. Could have
[laughter]
organ armor. Oh my god. But wait,
but if I Oh, actually it wouldn't matter
because it get it's four mana, right? It
wouldn't matter though because I feel
like armor
really evolve cuz I only have one Santa
water.
Holy wand cat. So I wouldn't have a
three anymore if I evolve it. We're not
getting another holy wand, guys. We're
[laughter] not getting another holy one.
We can't. Guys, I can barely afford
[laughter] I can barely afford it
anymore.
All right, we're getting armor. I Guys,
I cannot afford it.
I can't [laughter] I can't afford
another holy one. I can barely use the
one we have.
I'm not made of wands, guys. I wish I
was powering up.
Hey,
>> okay, I helped.
And then
Okay.
>> [groaning]
>> All right. I try to make sure I don't I
don't waste it all.
All right. And then
light tome armor. I draw two more cards.
Duplicator Santa water. And then armor.
Guys, we cannot get another. We have to
get more zeros, guys. I I can't get I'm
going to grab a whip. I Guys, I I would
love to, but I think we've actually made
[laughter] I'm pretty sure we made it so
that we can't afford this anymore.
[groaning]
I know. I really really want to. I think
[laughter] I think there is such a thing
as too much match, too much greed. I
[laughter]
I didn't want to believe it at first,
but
I'm starting to believe that there is
such a thing as too much greed.
I say
>> I didn't want to believe it, too, guys.
I didn't think it was possible.
So to keep saying it ain't so what the
[__] is he doing here?
The creep comes with nonsense.
Yes.
Perfection.
>> Yeah.
>> It is done.
Okay.
Oh my god, that's so much damage.
Okay. Holy one.
I got to do that plus two armor.
Holy [__] broke it. [laughter]
He's dancing.
He's dancing on my grave.
Okay,
I might have to get the golden armor.
Okay, I'm going to grab that.
Okay. Holy one.
Oh my god. Get out of here. No. No.
Don't hit me.
Okay.
No. I'm foot. No. [screaming]
[laughter] My combo. Oh, it didn't
matter. Never punished. Never punished.
It didn't matter. Oh, thank god that
scared me. Oh my god, guys. I cannot I
cannot level up anything, guys. I
cannot.
Never punished.
Okay.
Oh, guys, I I don't think I'm going to
live through this encounter. I I might
not have a lot of HP, guys. There is a
chance that I might not have a lot of HP
left. Just a maybe.
Okay,
I need more knives.
>> Your a smart.
>> Oh god. Oh [laughter] god.
Perfection.
Okay.
I'm just going all in on the
Can't see the HP. Oh, I have like 800 HP
right now. Everything's all right. Just
800 HP for sure.
Draw a card.
I'm going grab armor and then holy holy
wand.
Draw two card. Magic wand.
Okay,
grab a little magic wand here. Refund
this
uh
holy wand.
More mod. Just just just stack it in.
Track the worm. Holy one. Okay, we lived
another day.
Yeah, it never f Oh, I wish that was a
chicken. Oh, I didn't mean to start.
Okay, we started it. We accidentally
start the fight.
Armor.
Let's add some add that in there.
We got lock in.
All right.
>> I can't I would love to [laughter] I
would I would love to get more draws.
[laughter]
Oh my god. Maybe the three extra help
help will come in clutch, [laughter]
guys. No, don't tempt me. [laughter]
You're right. You're I do need it.
You're so right, guys. [laughter] I so
need this.
How could I doubt you all?
Oh, why are they still alive? Why are
they still alive?
Okay.
Oh [__] All right.
Chat build. Chat killed. [laughter]
What would I do about chap guys? What
would I do about you all?
Here comes the big boy. The big boy is
coming.
Oh, there he is.
He's here.
>> It is done.
>> Oh, I [__] up.
Oh, I [__] up. Oh, I [__] up. I
could have holy. I didn't count.
Why do I have Why do I always keep not
counting?
Oh my god. What did he destroy? What did
he destroy? [laughter] What did he
destroy?
Oh. Oh my god. [laughter] Oh my god.
I'm not going to risk it. I'm not going
to risk it.
He gave you a present.
I could draw a card.
Magic wand.
[laughter]
Oh my god, there's still more. [gasps]
It's not worth it. I'm not going down
there. It's not triple one. So Oh,
please. I need a chicken. I don't need
money. I just need a chicken.
Please. [laughter] One chicken.
Oh no.
Okay.
I'll grab the armor just in case.
Just in case something happens to me.
Okay. Oh my god.
>> Guys, do you think crown would even be
worth it? [laughter]
and anything.
We'll try. [__] it.
[__] it. We'll go all in.
>> Yes.
>> I don't have any projectiles to fire.
It doesn't matter. Oh no.
Okay.
>> Okay. I helped.
>> Is this the water?
Draw two more cards.
All right, there we go.
Okay,
I'm thinking right now
and the refund.
And then more refund and then draw a
card. One.
Grab a golden armor just in case.
Okay.
All right. Oh, there's so many.
[laughter] There's so many.
Okay.
Got two more. Holy one
duplicator. Garlic. All right. Two left.
This is just They're just mini boys,
too.
Oh, thank God.
Okay. [laughter] Oh my god. Maybe that
they have chicken in the grave. Maybe
the grave has some chicken for me.
>> [groaning]
>> They might put chicken in there,
I believe. [laughter]
The graveyard chicken.
Okay, guys. Which one?
Which one? Water. All right.
Got the free water.
Draw two more cards and then garlic.
Oh, thank god. Okay. Okay. They're
getting a lot closer now. They're
getting a little too close for my
liking.
Put a duplicator on this.
I can refund this. I draw a card and
then I think I have to go golden armor.
I need the extra armor for these guys.
[laughter] I might need it. Oh, thank
god. Okay, I didn't. I I got too scared.
They were getting way too close.
Draw two card.
add four mana. Draw another two cards.
I'll do holy water and I'll do Santa
water and then I'll magic wand.
Oh, I didn't Oh god. Okay, whatever.
She's here now. I [laughter] did not
mean to do that. Whatever. She's here
now. Oh,
>> power
smart.
draw two cards. Armor
garlic.
I mean, it doesn't really matter.
There's two more guys left. Oh, please
don't tell me. Oh god, don't get [music]
close to me, please.
Nice
[laughter]
chicken. Oh no. Chicken. Chicken.
Please tell me I need chicken. I need
chicken so bad.
What can I put on this? Oh, I could. Oh,
but it's late. I don't think I have
enough.
Oh my. You guys decide. [laughter] I I'm
committed to chat build. Oh, wait. Draw
a card. [laughter]
Oh, hey,
let's draw a card.
Oh, hey.
All right, let's draw another card,
guys. Please. I just One chicken,
please, is all I asked for.
Where are all the chickens?
Where did they all go?
Okay,
draw a card.
Holy one.
All right, I think we need more mana.
We'll grab another light toe.
Draw two more cards. Holy one
and draw two more cards. Armor
duplicator
and then there.
Oh, [__] Okay. Uh,
magic wand.
Light tome armor.
Draw two cards.
Refund
stance of water.
Doesn't really matter. What would I do
for this honestly?
Oh my god. All right. All right. Take
off her armor. Thank god. [laughter]
Draw two cards.
Draw a card. Draw another two cards.
Magic
duplicator.
Oh, I should Oh, I don't even know what
I'm doing anymore. What am I doing?
Oh my god. What am I doing? It's all
blurry together.
Draw two cards.
Oh my god. All right.
There's too many stuff on my screen.
Okay, we're okay. It's okay.
Everything's fine.
My game crashed,
guys.
[laughter]
My game crashed. No, the run.
[screaming]
My run.
No, [laughter]
I got too hard. [laughter]
They they interveneed
[laughter and gasps]
the build. I drew too close to the sun.
[laughter] It was too strong.
Oh, I'm back. I'm back, baby.
I'm back. Oh my god. Don't even
>> [laughter]
>> I'm back. Stronger than ever.
Let's go. We're so back. [laughter]
[laughter] We're so back, guys.
Never punished.
I drew so close to the sun.
I should get this.
Okay.
I have to get that.
Doesn't even matter. I can have an extra
armor though.
Okay.
Draw a card.
Get a life tone. Oh, get that. Draw
another card. Draw two more cards.
Empty tome.
Okay. All armor. All in on armor.
>> [__] Okay. [laughter] Okay. Okay.
We can get more XP.
Oh, it lasts for the battle. Okay,
I think we might need the armor.
Honestly,
crown or crown Jordan guys, we are not
surviving enough.
I don't know. I don't know.
Okay, armor.
Yeah, for mana right now. I could
draw a car.
>> Draw another car. Powering up.
>> Send to water. Grab the armor. And then
here.
Okay, good. The armor came in clutch.
Adam mana.
Add this. This
armor. Draw two cards.
Draw two more cards. Armor. Garlic. S of
water.
Oh, only there.
Oh, that's fine. I'll take those.
That poor man. Whiff duplicator. Holy
water.
draw one card. Knife, mana, magic wand,
golden armor.
Okay,
draw two cards.
All right, it's just all this. Okay,
we'll have to get another one. Okay, but
what if we draw another card and then we
refund that and then
we throw that in here. Okay, he was just
going to be dead anyway. I should have
just threw that. I I should have just I
think I might actually need more two
plus two cards. You're right. It's not a
chicken yet. Still no chicken.
[laughter] Still no chicken.
Okay, mana. Throw another card.
Add more mana.
Knife, armor, magic wand, spire sword.
Okay, it's fine. It's fine. Everything
is fine.
Armor,
golden armor, s of water, garlic. Oh,
none of them died. Oh my god, none of
them died. Magic.
Okay, we keep drawing cards. Holy water.
Empty tome.
Duplicator. Draw another holy water.
Wait, what if we draw another water?
Okay, we keep drawing. I'm getting
confused now.
>> Oh. Uh
uh
h
I I I don't know if I'm cooking anymore.
[laughter]
Bible, you're right. We need knock back.
You're so right.
Refine. Get out of here.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
The holy water.
Got that armor in me. Put that in
another holy draw card. And then garlic
and an extra whip. And then we draw
another card. And I end my turn. Oh, I
have no more zeros. I I [laughter] have
no more zeros. It's all ones. Guys, I
might have invested too much on the
ones. Guys,
do you think I flew too close to the sun
with all the ones?
Not yet. Toki, never give up. [laughter]
It's not yet.
Get these guys out of here.
She's [laughter] alive.
Guys, for those who don't know, I may or
may not have been on 4 HP. This is the
last two areas. I am so desperate
[laughter] for some chicken right now.
Oh my gosh. Stop giving me money.
[laughter]
Just don't get it.
Oh my god. Oh my [laughter] god. Yes. Oh
my god. Yes. I will sacrifice a card. I
will absolutely sacrifice a card. Oh
[laughter] my god. No way. No way.
Okay, [laughter]
I think I know exactly what I should
sacrifice.
I think we might need a sacrifice.
Perhaps an or [laughter]
never punish
a man card. Really?
Oh,
but the armor has been so clutch, guys.
No, not the orb. Don't do it.
[laughter]
Oh my god.
Oh, we might have. Guys, I'm sorry.
[laughter] I'm sorry, guys. It had to be
done. [laughter] We We might We had to
do it.
We can't greet him. We're dead. Exactly.
[laughter] All right. Here we go. I'm
not fighting the other three. I don't
think I would live.
Okay. [groaning]
Oh, I should have grabbed golden armor.
Oh my god. I should have grabbed golden
armor. I don't know what I was thinking.
I don't know. [laughter] I was not I was
not thinking at all.
Oh, thank God.
Knife or spinach or crowd.
Knife or spinach, guys. Spinach.
Okay,
I can do this and then and draw a card
and I can grab that and I can do that
and I can get golden armor. Oh my god. I
should have saved it for the Santa
water. Oh my gosh. I should have saved
it for the Santa water. What the [__]
was I thinking? I wasn't I wasn't
thinking. That's the thing.
Okay.
S get this.
>> Okay. I need to get holy water. Okay.
Oh my god. He's getting closer. He's
getting so close.
Another card. We can draw another cart.
We get holy wad. And then we get fire
wad.
Oh, he's getting so close, guys. He's
getting way too close for me.
Okay, I could get him out of here. I'm
going to do it.
Okay.
Oh god, only have one zero.
I have so much Santa. I'm going to use
it all up. I used up all the Santa
water. All in on the golden armor.
[laughter]
It does so much damage.
Oh my god, I need so much armor. Oh my
god, I actually live because of that.
Draw a card.
Oh my god, we did it. [laughter] We did
it. Holy [__] We did it.
Okay. Fire wonder whip.
Fire one whip. Yes.
Oh, I did it. I lived. I We won zero.
That's it. [laughter]
Okay, I need more zeros. You're right.
Oh, we survived yet again.
[laughter] We lived another day.
Deal armor as damage when played. What
does that mean?
Evolve. Just do it. All right,
let's just get this just for the [music]
sake of it.
Oh my god. End my suffering. It's okay.
I will come back stronger. [laughter]
Just end my suffering.
He's here.
Oh my god. All the achievements. Let's
go. Just how many achievements do you
want? I played purple cards a hundred
times. This is only my third game.
Holy [laughter] one.
Oh, how much money did I make?
I'll grab more XP. Not going to lie, I
think the XP came in [__] clutch. I'm
getting the hang of it, guys. I can I
see now. I see the addiction.
Check all the new building. Okay, but
what do we want to upgrade?
Might.
Oh, yeah. All right. We didn't get that.
Oh, new tent. Oh, yeah. There's new tent
powers. I forgot. Where's the tent?
I need to pay for it.
Keep up to five mana between turns.
How many can I equip? Oh, I can only
equip one.
What do we want?
Keep up to the regen. Which one is it?
This one? Wait.
Healing. This one. Double healing
or sharp mine?
this one.
All right, I'll grab sharp mine.
Oh, and that's not what I wanted.
All right, we have $600 left. What can
we upgrade?
Uh, we could get one HP after each
encounter
or reroll choices. Luck. Someone said
luck is not worth it. Grab the heart.
a recovery.
Okay, we'll put recovery.
All right, now I'm broke.
All right, what's after scary forest?
We never leave the forest. They're like,
please leave. [laughter]
Please go to the library. I'm like, no,
I must continue to the forest.
I'll do another. All right, fine. I'll
do library.
We never left the forest.
>> All right, let's see.
Let's grab a Bible. Oh, and oh, candle
attack steel. All right, candle or I
feel like crown.
I'm going grab crown.
Crown for the XP.
Early XP.
Yeah, early crown is always good. And
then we get luck, too. Oh my god,
there's so Oh, [__] Not the ch. That
was an accident. I'm so used to just
bashing my head. Draw a card. Always. No
hesitation.
Oh, another one.
What?
Choose a reward.
We get weighty tome.
I'll get a two just for the combo,
right? Oh, leave. Okay, we'll leave. Oh,
yeah. I can get holy wand after.
You're so right, guys.
All right. Spinach, firewood, or knife.
Which way?
How do we need more zeros or five?
Spinach knife. Have another zero.
All right, knife. I'll do knife for the
zero.
Okay, we can't level it up yet. Oh,
there's the monster goo.
Oh my, I'm like speed running this. It's
in my nature.
I was born to do this. I helped
>> to just keep drawing cards.
[laughter]
It was who I was meant to be.
Oh my god. I just keep drawing cards.
All right. Gar. Should I? I'm going to
do garlic. It's cuz I heard garlic's
pretty good. I was born to I was born to
draw cards.
[laughter]
Oh, I need the light comb.
>> Okay,
Z, thank you for the super chat. Thank
you. Thank you. I keep I believe in the
heart of the cards.
I continue to believe
I can evolve. Wait, I can evolve. The
Holy One is back.
God will always be by my side.
And then Garlic, get out of here. Oh my
god. Another crown. Let's go.
Bam.
Another
[laughter]
crouch.
Yeah, we need a tome and then we'll get
duplicator next time.
Oh my. Quick draw. Wait, refund. Yellow.
Add the yellow color. What if it's
yellow?
Oh, wait. They're all good.
Which card though? None of these are
good enough. God doesn't show you. Then
why did he give me the holiest of wands?
I get yellow. Okay, make it yellow.
Quick draw is insane. Yeah, but then we
don't really have good quick draw cards
though.
Or yellow card is more XP. That's true.
We should put it as a knife then.
or King Bible.
Bible or knife.
We don't have a tome to put this on. I
already put that on a tome. Refund is
great. I'll put it on a Bible then.
All right. Refund on Bible or yellow on
Bible?
Or yellow on garlic?
I'm put on Gibber.
Give me a down. I'm ready.
Somebody something's over here. Nice.
All right. Give me my refund.
Easy.
I get it now. I get why this game why
this game has 6,000 reviews.
[laughter]
That's right. I'm going to start my own
dual island. Oh, it's time to p Oh, plus
one.
What do I get rid of?
Oh, [__] I don't even know what to get
rid of.
But it's a zero. Uh, get rid of armor.
I think I can get another armor card
soon.
Oh, light tome. Yeah, see golden armor.
Armor has been clutched though for me in
late game though.
Ah, armor, light tome, or whip. I do
need more ones.
I think light tome cuz I used it to I
used it earlier. I remember.
Yeah, I need more zero cards. I
[laughter] might need more zero cards,
guys. I'm running out.
Oh, now there's ghosts.
Oh, I could have just grabbed that.
Oh [__]
Holy one.
Oh no, they touched me.
>> Oh, power
>> crown.
>> Holy wand. Magic wand. Garlic.
Got the refund.
Track the card. And then nice.
Oh my god, it's all crowns
of eyeball. Shows breakable light
sources on the mini map. Oh.
Oh. Oh, it's the lights.
Don't worry, these will kill him. It
doesn't kill him. What is gar was garlic
alive this entire time? What do you mean
it doesn't kill him? Rainbow armor,
guys.
But it's rainbow.
[laughter] We do need more zeros though.
I feel guys, but it's rainbow.
Guys, it's [laughter] so sparkly.
Yeah, I'm getting it.
It doesn't matter. It doesn't really do
anything for me, but but it's rainbow
and that's good enough for me.
Yeah.
>> Oh [__] it's hitting me now.
>> All right. Yeah, that's right. Now you
can't do [__]
That's right.
Do the Bible
rainbow too strong.
I think I need more twos. I'm going to
grab the axe just for the two.
Oh. Oh, wait. The extra chest
leader.
Wow. The card,
this card will always benefit from
combos.
Wait, what do you what do these two
mean?
Stick it on a zero.
Wait, leader. Where's leader? Attack,
steal a wild card. Oh, so if I have this
card in my hand, it'll always do more.
Okay, easy combo. I can Easy combo keeps
the boost but can still end the combo.
You have to go in mana cost order. Oh,
okay.
I should put it on the garlic. I feel
it.
Oh, throw it on the end of Oh, for extra
power. Oh, I see. All right, we'll put
it on the knife.
Oh, get out of here. Give me your XP. Oh
my god, another crown. Oh [laughter] my
god, I'm so rich.
Let's grab it. We're at the
draw a card. Baba, holy one.
Mug
earns coins when the card kills an
enemy.
Do like that. I do like that. It is
rainbow though, guys. But it's rainbow
guys. Guys, guys, it's rainbow guys.
Guys,
it's so beautiful.
Me like money. But me me like money.
[laughter]
Fine. I'll get the duplicator. I guess.
I guess.
Okay.
Oh, wait. What did not Oh, it ended the
combo. Okay. I was so confused.
All right. That out of here. And we'll
garlic him. I thought it continued it,
but it also ends it. Whoops.
Oh my god. Get more more XP.
>> That's five.
I grabb extra armor too.
And then
do I need more zero or do you want to
draw another card? I want to draw
another card.
All right, get in here.
Oh, I get another easy combo. I could
put it on the garlic or
All right.
Do we want easy combo or leader?
I feel I should put on the garlic or the
axe
or axe. All right, we'll put on the axe.
All right, down I go.
Draw a card. I draw two more cards. I
throw it on the axe.
Oh my god, I'm so healthy.
I got you. And then armor. And then
garlic.
Easiest combo of my life.
Duplicator or knife? Do I have enough
zeros, chat?
I don't even know. I've lost count. I
more duplicator. All right. More
duplicator. Imagine, guys. Three axes.
Oh my god. That's a chicken. I don't
need I don't need heals yet. Not yet.
Okay, I helped.
And I can duplicate that.
draw two cards.
Can add more knife and I can duplicate
it and then get more armor.
Refund
easy.
That's right. Keep stacking. I'm so
hungry.
I want more. more.
Oh, refund.
Grab it on the toe.
More. So hungry. Feed me. Feed me more
cards.
Oh [__] Whoops. All right.
It still works.
Shadow beast be like, [laughter]
"Is this a challenge?
[laughter]
All right.
Nice.
More luck.
This where the chicken is.
Then we destroy that. How the [__] did
he hit me?
That's [__] right.
>> Wand or armor? I don't think we need
more max health.
No, the question mark was the chicken
boof. That's why I didn't go for it. F
one. All right, we'll go with F one.
And then axe.
More luck. More draw.
Evolve. [laughter]
I duplicate her armor.
Light to axe. One.
Okay. Holy one. I do need I feel like I
might need vacuum. Draw one card. Nice.
Ooh.
Candle or empty tome? Chat attacks. I
feel like candle, right?
Candle or empty tome? Candle. All
right.
Draw two cards. Knife. One. Garlic.
Duplicator.
Duplicator again.
Magic wand with 480. I like the sound of
that.
Lighttome.
Holy one. Oh, I could have added the
axe, too.
Just for funsies.
Oh, card is copied. It always benefits.
Oh my god. Wait. Oh, copies. Garlic. I
don't need that.
1k damage.
I Yeah, but the copy is on garlic and
firewall. I don't think that's good. All
right. put the easy combo on something
here.
Yeah, but yeah, it's not on tomes. It's
on these. I'm going grab it on the
garlic.
All right, down I go.
More combos. More luck,
guys. I think I might actually
I might need more zeros, honestly.
Uh,
Toronto
torn. Yeah, I went too hard on the was
on. We got to We got to diversify. One.
All right.
Oh, I don't like that. I don't like that
damage sound you gave me there.
I'm might have to die for that.
Oh no.
>> Perfection.
Nice. And an extra luck on the way too.
It's okay. I can get my HP back slowly.
Okay. Maybe there's a chicken over
there.
Nope. But more luck though. More luck.
Did you say more luck? I did not. But
thank you. Oh, they're so tanky now. Oh,
this is bad. They're actually really
tanky now. I actually might need
Okay,
I might need chicken. I might need some
chicken or some armor. These guys are I
might need knockback or something.
>> Santa water. Yes.
Okay, that's good. That actually kills.
Never mind. That does not kill. That
does not kill. It's okay. That for some
reason does not kill.
Oh, they're doing so much damage. We're
It's not looking too good.
I didn't realize how much damage it
skills now.
Powering up.
>> Oh no. Don't Don't touch me. Don't
touch. No.
Oh no.
>> It is done.
>> Okay.
Oh, I need more draw cards. That's what
I'm lacking. I realize.
Okay, there we go. I think we're missing
the orbs. We are.
I need more orbs. Give me more orbs.
No. Wait. Do 100 damage. Bombards
enemies after every turn.
Okay. Bombardment. Wait, that's cool.
Adds three mana.
Okay. Bible or atone?
I think we babble or tome. Yes.
Babble for knockback. Okay.
Oh my god. All right. All right. I'll
I'll get ar maybe armor. I'll do armor.
I need more armor. Honestly, I actually
might need armor. That was so much XP.
Oh, please tell me there's a chicken
hidden in there. Oh, not chicken. But
that's fine. Maybe some chicken in here.
Nope, not chicken. But that's okay.
Only one.
Just going to keep doing that.
Got to keep knocking them away.
All right. Good.
Oh, 29.
All right, let's see if we live here.
Armor, Bible,
and then water.
Yeah, we live. We [__] live.
All right, tome
or Bible
or armor? I don't know. We need more
zeros or a tome.
to him. Okay.
Oh [__] Goodbye. [laughter] He's just
casually explodes.
Oh [__] That was a zero. Whoops.
All right. As long as Oh, goodbye.
Okay.
All right, she should explode. Another
one. Nice.
Magic one. Track the orb.
Axe. Garlic. XP.
Boom.
Oh, [__]
All right. I might have messed up.
Perfection. Powering up.
>> Okay. I
Okay, I might This might be over. This
might be over. No.
No. [screaming]
I wasn't greedy enough,
[laughter] guys. I wasn't greedy enough.
Oh my god.
I should have been more greedy.
I can't even upgrade. I'll do the roll.
We need more greed.
No, not this one. Where is it?
Why use another character when she's so
good?
Ask 10 area when Po is played. Draw one
card when a blue card is played.
But isn't she the best one?
That wasn't greedy enough. I should have
went with more orb.
The one time I didn't go with orb. The
one time.
I feel like the others are not as good.
Needs to play a character to unlock
cards. Okay, we'll grab area when
increases hand by one when a purple
card. Which one should I do? I can only
buy Po or Pasqualina.
Which one is better, chat? She He is
more expensive. He plays with garlic.
Knife guy. I don't have enough. I'm
broke.
I mean, I could get enough actually.
I'll get rid of
I refund that. Does it refund
everything? I just want to refund this.
Oh, Pascalina is pretty good. Okay, I'll
try her.
>> Let us wield with great power.
>> All right,
let's go. A nerd to go to the library.
All right, I don't know if she can ever
live up though, too. Attack deal 10%
splash damage.
So many options.
>> Okay. Knife king. Bible. Magic one. Uh.
Oh, babble. It's for the knock back. I
feel like we'll need it.
I don't know, guys.
I don't know if if she can live up to
live up to greed.
>> Greed was just so good.
get gain 10%. I'll get the mask.
So, at least I can be rich. If I die, at
least I can die rich. My work is done.
There we go. That was an insane combo.
Oh man, I wish I can find crowns though.
The crown run was so good, too.
More stone mask. more money. If I can't
have XP, I'll have money.
Yeah, she draws a card every time you
play a blue card.
Yeah.
What? She gets to hit me for free.
All right. More money. Ooh. Oh, crown.
It's fine. You got crown, though. No.
[laughter] I'm so used to just bashing
my head into things.
Oh, I don't have the combination yet.
I'm so used to it.
[laughter]
I don't I don't look both ways when I
start hitting my head.
Draw a card. Wait, do we want more draw
cards, guys? Draw cards or it might Is
this also a draw card angle, chat? Is it
Is it Guys, it's another draw card
angle. I don't know. [laughter]
Do we keep being greedy? Okay, I don't
know for her if she's a draw card meta
or not.
answering the qual.
All right.
And then we draw another card.
Oh, it doesn't hit the same though,
guys.
Guys, I you know what I miss? I missed
the Holy One. It's not the same. What
about the Holy One, guys?
>> [laughter]
>> It doesn't give me the same rush.
You know,
>> the dopamine rush is not there.
When the wand starts getting holy
work is done.
>> Oh my god, he's still alive.
>> Oh, he's dead. Never. Does this armor
work or does it have to be a zero armor?
Does golden armor work? Any armor. Okay,
we'll use that.
Ooh, we'll get stone mask.
Yeah.
All right, we should be able to evolve
now. Evolve.
Yes.
Do more damage.
I don't know if it'll give me the same
rush though. Ooh, gross.
Wait, does that
Wait, does that increases my XP if I use
it?
Is that what it means?
guys.
Oh, not permanent.
Broke good. Maybe. All right. I I like
maybe.
[laughter] Those are the odds I will
take. I'll take that gamma. The 50/50 on
maybe.
Draw one card.
Maybe. I like the sound of that. maybe.
Okay, we'll go this way.
I can't even use I don't have enough H.
I don't have enough mana for this.
I'll just use that just cuz I can.
That's enough.
All right. Nice. Oh my god. Got another
one, but I can't even use it. It was
right there.
>> All right.
Candle or light tome? Chat? I like light
tome. That car truly has no future
[laughter]
unless Oh, it heard you. He heard you.
He was like, "Who said I have no
future?" [laughter]
He heard you.
>> So many options.
All right. There you go.
The cards.
The cards speak.
My work is done.
All right,
let's see.
Oh, I need more twos, though, for sure.
>> Oh, [__] Okay, I didn't mean to do
that, but I guess we're we're going in.
Nice.
Uh,
I could 10. I could get more coins
though. I could get more coins. I could
get be more rich though, guys. Do I draw
a card or be more rich? Okay. All right.
All right. Fine. Fine. Next time I see
that stone, though, I'm grabbing that
stone card. Oh, easy combo.
Easy combo. Came in clutch last time.
I draw two cards. Empty to let and then
Bible.
Yeah.
Oh my god. It's just all ones. Uh
[laughter]
it's just I mean I guess that works.
It's just all ones. I I might need some
I keep drawing zeros as my card.
See candle
>> so many
>> draw a card in the no future. We need
twos though. We need twos. Oh [__] You
know what? I'm greedy. I want money.
Give me that 70%.
>> Answering the call.
Okay.
And then
no future.
Oh, I have rerolls. You're right. I
forgot about the money I spent ring
that. You're so right. Okay, next time
we use rerolls.
>> Gathering the magic.
Oh [__]
We got that.
We always get no future. Oh my god, the
crown. Yes, please. More XP.
Smash my head. More money. More greed.
Never punished for being greedy. Oh,
can't use any of those. Whoa. Whoa.
Guess I got punished for being too
greedy.
Oh, but what if XP's out?
>> Oh, no. I can't even use this is right
there.
Greed is good.
Goodness.
Money.
My work is done.
If I draw that, I can get that and I can
grab that.
Okay. Candle.
>> So many
>> to grab a card. Oh. Oh, [__] I couldn't
grab No, I couldn't grab mana.
I keep thinking I have enough mana, but
I don't. I'm so poor. I keep thinking I
have so much money, but I only have I'm
only rich in coins.
>> All right, there you go.
The lack of twos,
it's hurting so bad.
Oh my god, there's a two. Ah,
this. I'll grab that.
We need that. We actually really need
that badly.
Oh, look.
The armor return growth. Put that on
there.
Okay,
now we have some twos though.
Oh my god. Finally.
>> Finally, I can use this.
>> I say
grab another card.
Grab a clover and a no future.
Okay, good. Good. Good. Clover or axe,
guys. Clover or axe?
We need a twos. We're so broke. The
unlimited power. We finally unlocked it.
Axe. All right.
All right. This should be it. Oh, never
mind.
He wants to go again.
Zero
for combo.
Axe.
This that should kill him. We just
needed that. That too actually clutched
it. All right, we have reroll.
Let's go.
I might amount. I hit twice as hard.
Let's put that on the axe. Bam.
Let me in. I bash my head hard enough to
let me in. The cat say no.
Okay. Zero this. Zero. This. It's fine.
I got the XP. All right. How do I do
this?
Okay.
I can do that. I do the tome. I have
more magic. Oh, [__] Forgot the
whoops.
Oh, it's okay. Not punished. Not
punished.
Get more greed.
Leveled up. Oh, mana. Okay, I really
needed the mana, too. No, not the
chicken. [laughter]
I just never expect the chicken ever.
this.
>> I feel like the chicken was never going
to come.
Oh, I need more zeros. We can't do this.
>> That's enough.
Okay. Ooh, duplicator. All right, let's
grab a duplicator for once.
This is bad.
I just never expect it. Weapon fires
plus more. Do I sacrifice a duplicator
for a duplicator? No. Give me the money.
Quick draw refund.
Oh my god. Wait. Okay, I got to get the
refund on this. Give me it.
That's good. What is that? What is that
over here?
Is that just a You see that? There's
like something here.
Oh, it's just a map. Okay, never mind.
Don't mind me. That's just a map.
Oh my god. I definitely need
I'm going to grab that.
>> Oh no.
All right. All the ones. I was looking
at the map, but it looked weird, but I
was like, "Oh, that's just I thought
that was an item, but that's just me
being stupid."
All right, we need zeros now. We got to
aim for some zeros. This is not good.
This
Oh, it's just all ones. It's just It's
just all ones, guys. All right. Greed or
or chat? Oh, sorry. They're both greed.
Greed or mask? I think they're both
greed. Okay. Uh or reroll or reroll. Oh
[__] Nice. Okay. Mana, magic, or armor?
[laughter] Greed or more greed?
Or or greed? Yes. Greed or greed?
Okay,
the greed is confusing me.
[laughter] I can't remember which is the
right greed.
[groaning]
Getting lots and lots of Oh my god, I'm
just It's just raining mana now.
>> To your aid. Yes.
>> Okay, that should kill a lot of them.
Ooh, I feel like we need knife though. I
feel like we just need more zeros to
just at least start the combo.
Who needs to start the combo, guys?
There we go.
Oh my god, it's just perfect.
Okay, 501 or zeros. Do we want more
zeros? [__] it. Let's just grab another
zero in there.
God, why did it not give me another
zero?
Okay, we'll just kill it with the knife.
What?
[laughter]
All right, the knife. The knife comes
in.
Zero. One, two, three. That should kill
him.
Whoa.
Oh, but I'm always using the zeros,
though.
Oh,
I don't think we need more ones. That's
the thing. Okay, I think we're okay with
the ones. Oh, it's so shiny. Oh, it's so
shiny, though.
Oh, it's so shiny. [laughter]
All right, we reroll. No. Why did I
reroll? [laughter] I lost my shiny.
[laughter]
It was so shiny.
Why did I reroll?
It was so beautiful.
[laughter]
Okay.
Card will reduce mana to zero. Receive
double mana instead.
Okay. But that's on a zero. That sucks.
If I was on any other card, it would
have been great. [laughter]
I get leader now. on the knife though.
Or armor strike on the knife. We get
armor strike on the knife.
Let's try it. We'll try it. We haven't
tried this yet.
Yo, this game is fun.
Yeah.
Then we'll track another axe and then
babble.
Oh my god, we got to grab that. This guy
is strong. Okay, now we have a three
combo, too, which is good.
All right, go in there. Go have fun.
Yay!
Our little bird.
He's having so much fun killing things.
All right, just put everything.
Oh,
axe or garlic. Now I don't know if I'm I
think we have enough zeros now.
I don't know if I should do one or two.
We need more ones or do we need more
twos?
Garlic or axe?
I don't know. We need more ones. More
twos. All right. More twos
cuz now it's just numbers.
Yeah.
Duplicator axe. Okay. Yeah. I'm glad I
got an axe.
Money.
vending machine.
Give me my money.
Zero. One. Oh, the double. Why would I
not do the double?
Oh, I ran out of ones.
Get duplicator. And then grab magic.
Duplicator. Magic. No future.
Uh, do we want more? I don't think we
need more threes. I think we we have two
threes already.
More magic.
All right. to
track. This
one
this and they're dead.
All right. This has a candle next to
him. Sir, I'm going to have to kill you
because I need the money.
Duplicator axe.
Grab another card.
Uh,
magic. There we go. Oh my god.
Magic.
What if we do another magic?
Magic. Nice.
Just more magic.
Whoops. All magic.
There we go. Oh,
>> I wish it didn't re if it didn't reset.
Oh my god. Imagine just imagine how much
magic we could have.
Yeah. Know this game is really fun. The
the the creators really know how to make
addicting games. Like whoever the devs
are, they are very smart.
I mean, vampire survivors and then
straight to here. My work is done.
They just know how to make good games.
They know how to make like good They
used to make slot. Okay. Yeah, they
[laughter] the fact that they used to
make slot machines.
your
Yeah, they know how to how to work
addiction correctly.
They know
they know how addiction works. They're
too powerful.
Okay.
All right, there you go.
Shiny. You're so shiny.
So shiny, though.
Oh,
it's so shiny. [laughter] So shiny.
Ooh.
[laughter]
put on here.
It draws me in with the shiny
like you know you want it, dokie. The
shine calls for you.
Yeah, I was going to say, what am I
going to do with [__] more magic?
>> More card, too.
>> I lost count. Oh, crap.
Okay.
Uh,
Bible.
Oh, I should have kept that.
I'm just going to use this now.
Draw another card.
Okay. Uh oh my gosh, there's so many
cards. Oh my god, I'm losing count.
There's too many cards on my screen.
That Another card and then Bible.
There's too many cards. I'm like my it's
blurring all together. There's way too
many cards.
>> Okay, there he's dead. Oh my god, we
made it past him. Okay,
gain more XP.
Oh, is that it? Is death coming over
now? He's got to stop me now.
I'm too strong.
Get that in here. Level that axe up. I
got I got your weapon, Death. What you
Oh, wait. That's not death. Never mind.
Never mind. Oh my god. Okay. I mean, we
do need the chicken now. We don't need
the chicken now. I got too used to it.
Oh, for more mana.
Don't know what to get rid of though.
I got rid of the armor.
I got you. I got your weapon. Got your
weapon. Okay, we need another zero.
Oh, I could have used that. No.
Grab this.
>> So many options.
>> That
all right. Send her in.
Oh no. Okay. Oh, why did I eat the
chicken? Why did I ate the chicken?
Draw two more cards. But then I could do
this.
escape me.
>> Draw two more cards and then
candle
duplicator.
>> We got magic now.
Mana
Bible axe.
All right. Boop.
Nice. All right.
I think this is the last one in that
area. Scandal.
Draw a card. Magic. No. Future. Bible.
I'm cooking now. I'm cooking. Oh my god.
Okay.
Magic.
Draw two cards. Oh my god. Minecraft
didn't duplicator. Why did I do
duplicator? It's fine.
Another duplicator.
More magic.
Death spiral.
Oh,
I think we need more twos. But I think
we have enough ones. We're missing ones
and zeros. I mean, we're missing zeros,
twos, and threes now.
Sad to get that just cuz we can.
I need zeros and twos.
Card, axe, death spiral.
answering the truth.
>> Oh, I could I didn't I Oh, [__] Okay,
he's dead. [laughter]
Oh, it didn't count. I forgot to count,
guys.
I'll get more money. I forgot to count.
Quick draw. Oh,
does this mean I can play the card?
Yeah. do not count. One quick draw
return.
I was like, I should have enough stats.
One minus three is still three.
All right. Return or quick draw? Oh, it
keeps the combo bonus. Return on the
birds. All right, I'll do that.
Down I go.
Oops.
Bible.
I knew it. I'm glad I did the Bible.
I was like, I don't know if it's worth
it.
>> How is this?
>> 950. I'm just I'm just going to kill him
right off the bat.
Oh, the XP. I want to be greedy.
Oh, no. No. You need the zero. Doi. You
can't keep getting XP bonus. You're
[laughter]
You're running out of zeros.
It's all ones. Oh, your cards are just
ones, Doy.
You can't keep doing this to yourself.
It's just so tempting, guys. You don't
understand.
Like,
oh my god. Like, they're just there. The
crowd,
you can't help it. It's like staring at
me being like, "Pick me, Donkey. Pick
you know you want to
know you want to click me."
A four.
Oh my god. A four.
[laughter]
Guys, I know there was a two, but guys,
there's a four.
So many options.
Okay.
Zero
3 plus Okay, we got Let's get the four
in there. I was like, "What is Cuz 4 + 3
= 3."
[laughter]
Oh my god, another four. Okay, we need
twos though. We actually We actually
need twos. We can't keep doing this
despite how much we want to.
Oh my god, guys. But what if for
refund on that for it?
That's some good ass force.
That's a lot of mana I could get back
to your
we got the mega combo.
Got the double double birds. Oh my god.
Why does it keep giving me birds? Why
does it keep giving me birds?
There's so many birds. I can't keep
track of them anymore.
The birds. Whoops. A birds
him. Oh, Medusa is here now. He's
joining. Okay, guys. I think I have too
much magic. Do I want magic? Magic or
magic?
Oops. All magic. Oh, now I have no
magic. Okay, [laughter]
that's fine.
Okay, this is a little bad though. Oh,
this is a little bad. I used up all my
zeros
at the end there.
>> Gathering the magic.
All right, that's fine.
Okay, I'm going to grab the zero. I'm
going to grab the zero because we
really, really need that right now.
Grab magic.
Draw another card. No. Oh my god, I
forgot to count again. [laughter]
I forgot to count.
I keep forgetting how to count, guys.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
My Oh, she can't count. I keep
forgetting. I keep I keep thinking
three.
3 - 4 is four or some sh [__]
Oh my god. Okay, we got to get rid of
some ones. We got to get rid of some
like we have too many.
All right, nice.
The empty tome is too much.
Okay, there we go.
Someone's gets rid of zeros. [laughter]
I don't know what I'm doing anymore. I
There's like 20 cards in my hand.
>> [laughter]
>> I need to go back to counting school.
[laughter]
Holy [__] What the [__] about it?
We could grab the duplicator.
I grab more. Put more birds in there.
It's just [__] all birds.
All right. Bur
and then axe and then bird. [screaming]
Wait, why did it stop shooting birds?
Okay, there you go.
Okay,
do we want more zeros or ones? I I I
don't know anymore, guys. I There's so
many cards in my hand. What am I going
to do? It's not fitting in my It's like
when an Uno It's like draw 20
and I don't know anymore. I've drawn too
many cards.
splash damage
to your
>> All right, just stop. No damage at all.
That's fine. I I don't think I did any
damage there, but that's okay. All
right. And then magic wand.
Oh, nice.
Could gain money. I could get money. I
could get I'm getting money. I'm doing
it. Oh, yes. Yes. That's enough.
money.
Okay.
All right. That's fine. That's the last
boss anyway. This is the last boss. I
can see her. I see you over there. I
know you're the last one.
>> So many options.
I say
>> there we go.
Had to think a little bit there. I just
like
armor.
I don't have like any attacks.
Escape me.
Oh my, I have so many. I'm just going to
drop that in there. I have so much XP
now.
What the [__] are in my in my hand?
Oh my god. Now I have no one.
Uh, I guess I'm going to grab a one.
All right. Whip. Whipper.
Okay.
Magic
tract. This
death spiral. Oh, she's dead. Easy.
Seven. I need more XP. I won't be
satisfied till I have a thousand.
That's the holy one. That's the death
sight. I already have either of these.
I mean, like, this is the last one. It
doesn't matter. Oh, cash out.
Yeah, it doesn't matter. It's literally
the last. There you go. Hello, Dev. It's
great seeing you again.
All right. What? Oh my god, I'm so
addicted. This game is so fun. I'm
sorry. This game is actually so fun.
It's It's just like Vampire Survivors.
The addiction. Thank god. I can't
believe Thank God they left the casino
to make video games. Honestly,
they I feel like they make less money
not doing this. Like going like they
make less money leaving the casino
[laughter] and going into game
development. The fact that this this is
not like this there's no gotcha in there
is impressive.
The guy the the devs like were like like
grew a conscience or some [__]
[laughter] The devs were like maybe I
should stop being evil.
All right, let's let's buy Okay, let's
buy a new character.
They went for the good ending. Oh my
god. I could be a priest. It's by the
priest. Our
>> holy mission.
>> It's time to confess your sins.
I grab that.
What's one? Okay, now I'm broke. Never
mind. I can't buy anything else. I I'm
just so addicted to XP. I'm addicted to
numbers going up. It's too late. I
already spent it.
Can't buy luck.
It's that I don't remember how expensive
this game is to be fair. What did I get?
Increase mana every 100 cards. Oh, I
spent so many cards.
Numbers go up, mine go down. Keep
rolling. Keep rolling.
Just keep rolling.
Oh my god, there's the teeny bridge. We
got to go to the teeny tiny bridge. I
have Christ on my side.
Oh my god, it's just one way.
Maybe I made a mistake.
>> Persist.
>> Or two crawers. Trigger two more
abilities before leaving. Crawler.
Oh [__] Okay, I have armor though.
I forgot how to cast.
Oh my god. Maybe I'm too weak for this
area.
I can't tell. There's so many of them.
Oh no.
Okay,
I'm reroll
crown.
I'll get duplicator, too.
All right. Now I have more I have more
Bibles.
They're so tanky. They are.
All right. More Bible.
More Bibles.
Oh my god. They keep on coming. And they
keep on coming. They don't stop.
It's okay.
Two more abilities before leaving. What
does this even mean? I don't understand
this. Oh, the Bibles.
Like, what do they mean by crawlers
trigger two more abilities? Like, like
what kind of abilities?
Oh, is it my character card?
Oh, your character was saved for two
more. Oh, I see.
Former abilities before leaving. All
right.
Deals 140 damage now.
Oh my god. How many of them are there?
[laughter] It's like they're lining up.
They heard there was a concert. Michael
Jackson's back from the dead.
earns coins when they're like they're
lining up from the concert. He's going
to do Thriller.
Michael Jackson's hologram is performing
right now. They got to go.
Okay,
Michael, is that you? Is this [laughter]
a meet and greet?
This might be actually this could be a
meet and greet right now. This is a
neverending meet and greet.
They're just vibing menacingly.
Okay.
I can't see the end. I don't think the
end exists, guys.
I don't [laughter] think it exists.
All right.
Can we get I don't even know what to
get. I feel like more m I feel like more
zeros. I've lost track. I've I've lost
I'm going to add zeros. I've lost track.
I couldn't tell. Oh my god, there's the
end. Oh my god, we made it. We actually
made it. I didn't even think there would
be an end.
I didn't even think that was possible.
We made it. Oh my god. It's back.
They're back.
Like, you thought you saw the last of
me.
I think I need more ones, actually.
All right, here we go.
All right, we definitely need more ones
now.
All right. How did he hit me?
He's like never stopping from attacking.
Okay, we need more ones. All right, we
need more attacks actually.
We need to do more damage.
Okay, add one more. Yeah, I need more
Bibles. So many of them want to hear the
the word of God.
They all want to hear. They all want to
buy a Bible.
>> Need more threes. Um, if I could find a
three.
So, you all want to hear? They're like,
"What did Jesus do on Sunday? How many
days did he come back?
Okay, nice. What the [__] is that?
Okay, we have a whip now, which is good.
I don't even know if we need hearts.
Honestly, let's get a whip.
Don't give me quick to tell me about
Easter. They want to hear what happens
on Easter.
Okay.
I'll grab armor right now.
Okay. Uh candle
duplicator. We'll grab more Bibles and
another Bible.
The tornado weasels.
Oh, we are so [__] We need
We can't be pushed back cuz there's a
[__] line.
Okay. Oh, I see the end. Oh, thank god
there's a two the candle. Okay, we need
more damage. I'm going to grab the axe.
We need more like attack moves. We can't
keep praying.
All right.
Oh my god. There. None of these do
anything.
I mean, what can I do? Everything is
just It's just all Do you want more
mana? Do you want more mana? Do you want
more mana? Do you want more mana? Do you
want more pray more? [laughter]
It's just like, keep praying, guys. Keep
praying.
What is that? Unlocks. Oh, I got the
blacksmith. Nice. Hey, look. More mana.
Don't think about the We're not here to
do damage. Yes. God wouldn't want that.
I got the blacksmith. I don't know what
the blacksmith does, but we got it.
Okay. Oh, I should have done I I've done
I [__] it that up. I [__] up that
combo.
I'm going grab I'm going to grab the
longterm for the damage boost. Oh no.
This is not good. This is not good at
all.
I need more damage cards.
Okay,
I can't We can't keep doing mana. We
actually need more damage cards. We need
something that kills us. I just keep
pulling magic.
Okay.
Oh no, this is not good. The priest
ain't doing so well right now.
Please stop pulling the toes. So,
someone shuffle the cards. Someone
[laughter] shuffle the [__] cards.
[laughter]
Someone please [laughter]
shuffle the cards.
He wasn't prepared for the bad meetup.
God will provide surely.
[laughter]
I just need more shuffles.
Okay. Do you want Oh my god. I don't
even know what to get.
Brace him. Just keep praying.
We get bracer
draw or magic wand hand size. All right.
Okay.
Thank God, dude.
Oh my god. Oh my god.
Okay,
grab that
and run. Thank you for the super chat.
Thank you. Thank you. The bridge is so
hard. It's actually so hard.
Okay, there's two more two more stacks
there.
All right,
I don't even have get a lot of money out
of this, too. That's the worst part.
the duplicator,
the armor.
Okay. Oh, thank God. I don't even know
what to get.
I don't think I I'm not running out of
mana, that's for sure. I'm [laughter]
not
I think I have plenty enough mana. Okay,
twos. Yeah, you're right. We need twos.
Oh my god. Someone quick get me some
chicken.
[laughter] Oh, I guess. Okay,
I guess.
Oh, [__] it. Let's go.
Let's go. We get an evil book now. Is
anyone going to feed this poor priest?
This priest is so hungry.
He's so [__] hungry right now.
Oh no.
How hungry. Please someone donate to
donate to the church.
>> Oh no, I don't have a lot of HP left.
Oh,
it's the best I can do.
Candles.
>> [laughter]
>> I didn't think everybody was going to
show up during the sermon.
Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I'm
greed.
Surely nothing bad will happen.
Oh my god, there's still 10 more 10 more
lives.
Oh no. Okay.
Armor
babble. Axe.
D. Get a card. More cards.
Swift.
Okay,
there's so many numbers on my screen.
Can't
duplicate axe. Comb.
Oh,
[screaming]
axe.
Okay, there you go. They're all dead.
They're all dead.
Oh, thank you for another book. Keep
attacking to earn coins. Thank Thank
you. Thank you. That Oh, thank God.
Okay, God. God is real. Thank God.
[laughter]
Oh. Oh my god. I only have one. Okay,
this better be worth is Is this worth
it, guys? is do you think it's worth it?
Do you think it's worth it?
I think we do need the armor though. We
We don't have any other blue cars.
That's the worst part.
Probably not. I do believe that we do
need the armor.
Oh, if only we got that armor right now.
getting an armor. Oh, there's the holy
sword. He's ready to kill me.
Oh, the holy sword. He knows of my
crimes.
Okay. Oh, he's getting closer
in the heart [laughter] of the car. Just
keep on believing, Toki. Keep on
believing.
Oh, I should have got the I should have
grabbed the Okay.
54. Okay, I'm going to do 540.
>> There we go.
More cards.
Okay, I think he's very far from me now.
He hit me. I have so much knock back.
This better be the end of the bridge. I
swear to God if there if I have to dig
down a bridge. Where am I going? Like
where [laughter] where am I going? I
have to dig down the bridge.
Where could I possibly go?
Oh. Oh, why is there eyes now under the
bridge? Of course. Do
>> for the greater glory.
What?
What is going on? Am I Am I being
counted on right now?
Why is it watching me? Stop looking.
Stop watching. Stop.
Why is it looking at me?
I don't like it.
you.
>> Oh, okay. Okay. Overkill. It's rude to
stare. Stop [laughter] staring. It's
rude.
Oh, wait. It's judging your sins.
[laughter and gasps] Armor or he's
streaming your build right now?
Oh, yay. Money.
Okay.
Okay. I can evolve.
I have I feel like
he's looking at vice.
All right. Here we go. What do we get?
Every time that I spell the blossus even
you have cards. Oh, that's what it does.
G. Thank you for the super chat. Thank
you. Thank Oh, is that the end? I'm
cashing out. I was going to say there's
no way. Goodbye. Oh, thank God. Okay, I
made it to the end of the bridge. I was
going to say there's no way. Where the
[__] am I going to go after the bridge?
Am I like am I going to fall down the
bridge and die? Is that how it's going
to get me?
All right, we got Evolve King Bible. Oh,
we're making so much progress. Holy
[__]
All right, go back to the end. Oh,
that's it.
All right, let's get Po at your service.
>> Let's grab him. Get this old man. I will
do one more run. Oh my god, I've been
streaming for 4 hours. This game is so
addicting. Bridge, too. Welcome to
Bridge, too. All right. Oh.
Oh, I add more gems.
What do I even want to add it on?
Can't believe I can't add it on the holy
sword though.
One more run.
What do I want to add it on though? On
the empty ones. The armors. Oh, empty
tome. Yeah, I should add it on this.
Bam. There you go. I'll put on the empty
tome.
And then Oh my god. We got to put on
this one. No, I'm broke.
I don't have enough money.
That's fine. We'll save up for it.
I'll save up.
I definitely would play this off stream
100%. This is really fun. Oh, I have
more stuff now. Gain 25% more coins. I
feel like coins. I feel like greed
and one mana per rink.
I don't have any money for any of these.
Skip clip choices and get XP instead.
Two per rank.
Do I want that? I don't think so.
Uh
yeah, but I don't have enough money for
any of this.
I feel like on mobile they would make so
much money if they put this on mobile.
All right. How many? Oh, dairy plant.
Okay. All right, old man. I think you're
ready for the dairy plat.
It's level four. Oh my god. We're going
to send this old man straight to hell.
>> All right.
Oh god. Okay, it's fine. Old man, you
got this. I believe in you.
I I I still believe in you.
There we go.
This place does not look friendly to
[laughter]
grab the knife.
Yeah.
>> Good luck, youngster.
>> All right, garlic.
Uh, grab po in here.
I need to remember blue. I draw one
card. All right, I need to remember
that. I keep forgetting the blue.
There we go.
Um, spell binder. Add four armor.
Callers trigger two more abilities
before leaving.
Oh, this is harder. Wait, you want which
one do we get, chat? Which one do we
get? Draons.
Blue does give me more card draw.
Spellbinder
or armor?
armor. Okay.
All right. Draw a card.
Oh, we have more armor, though.
Oh, we need more mana. We actually need
more mana, though.
Draw a card.
Come on. Where's my card? Oh. Oh, pose
not activated. [__] Okay, there we go.
Pose activated now.
>> Okay,
there we go. We need we need some mana
stuff. Okay, this guy I feel like
he's going to [__] collapse soon.
I have any upgrades?
Okay. I don't I need more bracers or
some [__] Like, what the [__] do I
need? Okay, we got the cart.
Okay.
And Oh, no. No.
Oh, I should have grabbed the armor.
>> Good luck, youngster.
>> Oh, god. I need all the luck I can get.
I need some tomes. I need some toads.
He's so broke.
[screaming]
Okay,
by
>> your side.
>> Okay, nice. Yeah, we're looking rough.
He ain't doing so well. He needs some
mana for sure. He needs some tomes.
>> Grab the armor right now.
Okay, that should How much did [music]
that do? Okay, that actually saves me a
knife,
armor, scarlet.
Oh, okay. That's fine. That's fine.
Po,
>> armor, candle.
There you go. Armor. Nice.
>> Good luck, youngster.
>> There you go. this
garlic stone mask. Ah, but he doesn't
get any money. I've only found $1. Wait,
it's proof forever, bro.
I'm reroll. Oh, [__] Okay, that's fine.
That's fine.
Uh,
need one more rroll. No. Okay, no more
rerolls.
Who took this guy out of retirement? Who
took him out?
[laughter] I don't even know what to
get.
We I don't think uh Bible or knife or
golden armor.
Bible or armor.
I'll do arament.
I need another brace for Po.
Oh, that's armor. Let's go.
I wonder if it gives me like Wait, do I
do double damage or return?
Wait, which would be better?
Armor on my knife
or a garlic? A knife for garlic, guys,
for double damage.
What would be best? Return on. No, we're
not turning on.
Maybe garlic.
Garlic armor. Okay, put that on.
Okay, at least we got Thank God. Oh no,
that's the boss. Whoops. All right, we
go straight in.
Oh, I should have No, we got good.
>> Oh,
[groaning]
okay. More armor.
I must rest.
Oh, I should have went candle first
before I do damage
here. So, he can't hurt me. Uh, Po,
>> armor,
knife, garlic, armor, candle.
Oh, they can't hurt me. That's good.
Knife cannot.
>> Oh, I should take Why do I always take
less? I don't know what's wrong with me.
>> Oh, a [__] course. It gives me two
garlics now.
One last race.
Okay,
at least the damage is going up, though.
Oh, [__] [laughter] Whoops. That's
fine.
Po.
There we go.
Oh my god. Thank finally light tome.
Thank god
we needed that.
One must rest.
Oh,
finally some mana.
>> Oh my god, that scared me.
>> Okay, we're doing enough damage and we
have enough protection now.
>> Good luck.
Okay.
Oh,
>> just takes so long to kill them. He's so
weak. He must be like good for long
game, late game, right?
cuz he's so weak right now.
Late game, right? Is he good for late
game?
>> Just all gold armor
to your eyes.
That's just all armor.
Oh my god. Why is he not dead yet?
Why is he not dead? [laughter]
Is he supposed to be a multiplayer
character? Like, what's going on?
How is he still alive?
>> Here to avenge.
I say
good luck, youngster.
>> Oh my [laughter] gosh,
this is only level one. for your side.
All right, here we go. He's never going
to touch Oh, he touched me.
12 hour stream of just this one guy.
>> I I'm I'm doing like baby damage right
now.
>> Good luck, youngster.
>> Oh my god. No. No. He can't do the eyes
on me right now.
No, you can't do this to me.
Okay, there we go. You can't touch me.
>> There we go.
>> Oh my god. Oh my god. It's happening too
fast. I'm just pressing every button.
Just keep drawing cards.
of the po experience.
Just draw cards. Who cares anymore
[laughter]
>> for your soul? [groaning]
>> I'm just pressing buttons. I do 20.
Excuse me. How much damage do I do?
I only do like 40 damage per shot.
Okay.
This is the most intense fight
of them all.
There's no way. There's no way. There's
more to this. There's no This guy has to
be endgame. There's no way. I can I'm
not digging another tunnel. I'm not
digging another tunnel to wherever it's
leading me.
>> Oh no, I don't have a lot of armor here.
All right, more light to
please. I'm just level five. I'm just a
second one's going to show up. A second
[laughter]
a second boss has shown up at the dairy
market.
race.
>> I'm at 605.
How high can I [__] go?
The bosses are just lining up and
[laughter] the chat is like Robux.
You're like, "Where is she?"
All right.
Kind of a light tome. I don't know what
to do with this one.
>> Where am I?
Where the [__] am I?
Oh my god, he actually hurt me this
time. He's actually He's finally made
it. He's He got through the armor for
once.
>> Okay, another AR.
He's slowly weighing me down. It really
is slow and steady.
Oh my god.
Oh, thank God. I'll take $17, honestly.
Thank god.
There we go. Give me that $34. Give me
that [laughter]
$34.
Oh my god. I got him. I [__] got him.
>> [laughter]
>> It's finally over.
[laughter] I have to go down. No,
there's [laughter] more to this.
Oh no.
What do you mean there's more?
Why is this a light?
There's more. I thought it was the end.
I legitimately thought I made it out.
Okay.
Oh my god, look at the damage I do.
Actually
might need that. I actually might need
that.
Guys, I don't think Po's in.
Po might not be the chosen one.
I have a feeling
Po might not be it.
Po absolutely is not the it.
for your side.
>> Okay.
Po kiss the tank. But that's why you
hate it. [laughter]
With all my might.
He's the po experience.
He truly is the po experience.
>> [groaning and screaming]
>> Okay, at least I can have armor here.
[screaming]
Oh my god. When will I level up?
When will I level up? Please give me
more crowns.
Okay. I don't even know. [laughter]
I don't even know.
What do I even do?
What build can you even do with
[laughter]
Oh,
Bible. It took you to kill things. So,
guys, I'm trying so hard to kill things.
I'm not [laughter]
I'm not
Trust me. I I trust me, guys. I'm trying
to do my best to kill anything. side.
Smart.
>> Okay.
Oh, now it doesn't [__] give me [__]
[groaning]
All right,
I'm just going to kill this one.
>> Garlic time.
Got to go the Got to go the old man
build.
All right, he's dead. He's finally dead.
When can I level up?
Okay, at least we get more cards.
Oh, I h [__] it.
Oh, I forgot to grab armor. I forgot to
grab armor. I didn't think I need it for
some reason.
Oh, I forgot to get magic. Po always
[laughter] [__] me up.
Then the armor.
>> I just need the armor.
Okay, you're not resting here, Po.
You're going back in it.
You're not allowed to rest, Po.
We need a crown. Oh, I don't need luck.
I need a crown right now.
>> Good luck, youngster.
Okay,
I should be fine. Yeah, I tank all those
here to avenge.
>> I say
okay, it's a lot of projectiles, which
is good.
The garlic, the knife. All right, what
do we get? I don't even know, guys. I
don't even know what to do with Po. Do
we get more magic?
Blame the old death. We should have kept
him in the home, guys. We should have
kept him in that home.
Why did we take him out of retirement?
I don't even know if he knows where we
are.
I'm pretty sure he doesn't even know
where we are right now.
>> One must race.
Yeah,
he's going to grab it.
>> Pose here. Destroy on you. Just draw one
card temporarily.
I don't even know.
>> Okay.
I don't even know. This will disappear.
Okay, [__] it.
>> Good luck, youngster.
>> All right.
>> [laughter]
>> Knife, rune, or golden arm? I
knife or rune.
Knife or rune.
We're not doing more armor. We're fine.
We're fine. We're We're fine.
We're fine. We're fine. We don't need
more.
We don't need more
right now. I'm trying to figure out how
to survive.
What? What?
[laughter] But think about how ticky you
could be. I want to kill stuff first.
God,
what we're lacking are kills right now.
[laughter]
Oh my god. We should have enough armor
for that. Oh my god. How is he here?
You're not even the main boss.
>> One must.
>> Okay.
One thing per hour.
[__]
Oh my god. Please.
Please.
>> To your eyes.
>> Draw a card. Draw a card.
All right. There you go. Wish I had
enough for armor.
What? Most mad costs are randomized
temporarily.
My armor.
Good luck, youngster.
All right. Okay, we're back. And then we
lost all of it. All right, it's fine.
We just use everything. It's fine.
And then have a knife just for fun.
Okay, pose back.
Oh my god, I forgot. Oh, I didn't get
the light toe.
Oh no. Okay, for three minus three.
That's fine. That's fine. Everything's
fine.
the [__] mini [laughter] pot.
Good luck, youngster.
>> Uh, draw a card.
Oh, why didn't I get the light tome? Why
did I get Oh, now I'm confused.
Oh, po. Why are you so expensive? Okay,
that means more mana for me.
>> Uh, candle garlic
attract
uh
magic. There we go. More armor.
It's been 4 hours. I feel like it's I've
been stuck here the longest in those 4
hours, too.
Oh my god, I didn't want to do that.
It doesn't even matter what I press. It
doesn't [__] matter.
Good luck, youngster.
>> I just press everything. I just press
everything.
Oh my god. Po, get in here. Po, get in
here. Po, please.
>> Draw two cards.
And then more magic. And then garlic.
And an armored Bible.
How much HP does he have?
Just Oh my god. Just get me out of here.
Just Just at least.
Oh my god. How do you confuse me right
now?
Yes. It's been 3,000 years.
I'm just all just pressing buttons right
now.
I told you we love you, but we got some
places to be. Do you [laughter] think I
want to be here? Just pressing
just sucking. Oh, hell.
I wish I know how much HP he has.
I wish I was given
I wish I was just given an idea
given hope.
Oh my. It doesn't even matter. It
doesn't matter what I press.
You're sorry.
Oh my god. 72. That's the biggest number
I've never seen that high. I never seen
a number to go that high before. I
[laughter] actually have never seen it.
That's crazy.
>> Okay, two tanks are fighting right now.
It's Ryan versus Ryan on King's Row.
>> Good luck, youngster.
They both have five supports healing
him. We don't know who's going to win
yet. It might be a while. Any second
now.
Oh my god. How did he hit me? I don't
understand.
Oh my [laughter] god. It's over.
It's freaking over.
I don't think I need more B.
[laughter]
This is not even the
hour. How have you ever considered
getting more mana? His supports fell
asleep. The one of the supports DC,
guys. [laughter] One of them.
I am the better.
[laughter]
We're not making him die. Give him
dying. sets him free more. [laughter]
But why are you like this?
[laughter]
I think in the end I think he's won,
guys. I think he's won. He gets to
leave. [laughter] Metapod versus
Metapod.
What do we even do?
It should have been me. Not [laughter]
if
we hardened too hard that he shattered.
Luck
or luck or mana? We'll go with luck.
Oh my god, we actually have other stuff
we can upgrade.
All right, I'll grab an axe.
There we go.
But wait, is that armor? [laughter]
Oh my god. What can I upgrade?
Oh my god. Can I do a holy wand? Wait,
this might actually work out for me,
guys. We can have at least we can have a
holy one. I'm going to grab the holy
one.
The [laughter] holy one can at least do
something.
Damn. Is that damage? I see. Oh my god.
I didn't think it'd be possible.
By your side.
>> Oh my god. We don't even have enough
mana for the holy one cuz it's one
toone.
We didn't even have enough mana for the
holy one.
Truly, we're suffering. We're
>> not young.
>> We're here to just suffer.
Oh my god. Why would we not have it? I'm
I'm just running this. I don't care.
>> [groaning]
[screaming]
>> I I think this is over. Oh my god, that
is mad.
[groaning]
Okay, we could have mana right now and
then we could actually Oh my god. Oh
[laughter] my god.
What is this character? [laughter]
What is he? What are you, bro?
What the [__] are you?
I'm just grabbing this.
Okay,
I need to check on I don't know why he
he bought me.
All right. Okay. Back to Po.
Back to the longest fight of my life.
>> [laughter]
>> Someone please.
>> Someone please
let me out of here. So when Teddy wins
the race to always say
[laughter]
never one game she says as she decides
to play fo [laughter] I didn't know I
didn't know what lies in store for me.
All right,
I'm just going to grab that. [__] it.
Oh my god. P Oh, he's back.
Okay, I'll take those. I take those.
All right.
This is the most damage I've ever seen
him make. Let's hope he can continue to
do well.
I've never seen so much damage before
from Po.
Oh god, we actually need to duplicate
it.
Oh my god, there he is. There he is.
There's the boss.
I don't even I don't know what you want
from me, Bo.
What do you want from me?
>> Here to avenge.
What the [__] do I do with this?
Oh, I forgot to grab armor. Oh, [__]
Okay,
>> I'm just going to go for that.
I don't even trust grabbing another card
right now.
Okay,
we have to do what we can get. And now
grab the armor.
Oh my god. Okay, we might be freed. We
might [laughter]
We might be free.
India. Think about it, guys. Think about
it.
>> I can I can feel freedom.
There might There might be freedom.
Okay, we'll grab the duplicator and grab
garlic in this.
[laughter] Maybe just one more run.
Guys, I can't I'm not strong enough. I'm
not strong enough to deal with fo. Oh
no, not again. Not the [__] eyes.
[laughter]
Oh my god, that's the ass
only have five armor. So I hope
Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. [laughter]
Holy [__]
Oh no. I don't even know what to get. I
need a tome. I need more toes.
What do I even get?
Oh, finally. [laughter]
Oh my god. Okay. Braer or tome, guys.
Bracer or toe? I I do need more tomes. I
do need more tomes.
Oh my god, just
>> Oh, it poked back.
Oh my [laughter]
just dope.
Okay.
Do we evolve or the mana rebate?
I feel like we put that on axe.
Just three [laughter] more
cash out. Evolve
evolve axe or tracer.
80 years has passed. Doki is still on
Po. [laughter]
Doi is still She's still on Po.
[laughter]
She has not left.
Guys, I'm ordering food. I didn't think
Po would take me
so long. Give me a sec. Let me get my
food.
There was something that No, the place
[laughter] closed.
No, I thought I'd be done with B
earlier.
What time did it close? Don't tell me it
closed. Oh my. It closed 10 minutes ago.
I thought I'd be finished with Po. I
[laughter] really did.
Po is never Po did this to me.
[laughter] Po.
Oh my god. I really wanted to eat that
particular place, too.
I was really craving for it.
Oh, po.
Oh, po. Just one last run. I do the
George bomb the run
po. [laughter]
I knew I was debating it. I was like,
should I order food before I do this
last run? Nah, it's going to be quick.
>> [laughter]
>> No, the run will be all right. It's not
going to take me that long.
[laughter] Boo is holding us hostage and
I don't know what to do.
No, that [laughter] was actually the
only place I wanted to eat today. I had
the cravings.
No,
I'm so sad. Past Toki strikes again. I'm
so sad. I really wanted to eat that
particular place, too.
All right, I'm just going to get the
giant nigiri again.
I guess she'll starve. I'm getting a
giant nigiri. Wait, unless they have the
other place I sort of wanted to go,
wanted to eat. There's this other place
with Kim Popop.
I was like debating about getting that
Kimpop.
Guys, guess what? That [laughter] place
is also close. No.
Po.
Why did you do this to me? Po.
I got Poed. Everything is closed.
Never again.
>> [laughter]
>> I got bowed.
Why were they all closed?
Oh, I could get ar the army soup. What's
it called? The army hot pot.
Oh, I'm so sad. [laughter]
I'm so sad.
I got ped, guys.
I got [__] powed.
Where is it? Where the [__] Okay, there
you go. The army base style hot pot.
Uh,
no. I just want Kimbop. I just
[laughter] want Kimbop.
I don't want this right now.
Ha. [__] you. I'm going to grab I'm
going to grab the Mc giant ass [__]
[__] this.
We're going to order my big ass [__]
I'm so sad. I can't believe it. I can't
believe it's closed.
All right,
I got Ped.
I got [__] poke.
Oh, great.
Oh, reliable jumbo nigiri.
How much man do I have? None. All right,
let's go.
Kill one row. Do I don't want to use
that.
What the [laughter] [__] is Okay,
whatever.
Killed him.
God be with you.
I don't care if it's a waste. Just get
him out of here.
>> I must
Oops. I should have grabbed armor. Oh my
gosh. I'm one step closer to death. Oh,
don't don't
prevent me from a good time.
Oh, I'm honestly I'm going to take the
crown. I'm Maybe this will help in some
way.
All right. Don't t move a good time,
guys.
No armor. Oh, I'm so close. I'm almost
there.
We're so close.
Oh my god. I don't even have Oh, wait. I
have seven. Okay,
there we go.
What do I get? luck.
No. Give me my money. Give me my money.
Like, why do you have two mana? Like,
what am I going to do with you?
>> Good luck, youngster.
>> Oh my god. Doesn't even matter.
Oh my god. You're still alive.
Oh my god. Now the minotaurs are here.
All right.
>> All right. Po. Welcome back.
What's in here?
What's in here? Oh, thank God. And
sleeping press all M. Oh, thank God. At
least we found the relic. You know, I'm
good after all that. At least we found
the relic. [laughter]
Okay.
Oh, freedom.
[laughter] Oh, dad. Think of it. Think
of it this way. By the finish time you
finish those run, they'll be open again.
Hey guys, thank you for the super chat
thing. Oh [laughter] my gosh. Freedom.
Freedom.
[laughter]
The curse has been lifted. He get this
old put this man back into his
retirement.
Add three amount. Add one amount when a
Oh my god. I don't even [__] it. Let's
just
>> You should have seen me in my youth.
>> From grandpa to dead man. Dead grandma.
Surely it's not as bad. Surely dead
grandma is not as bad as Po.
Grandpa is sleep. Put him back in
retirement home.
All right. Let me see if I can. I think
I have enough. Right. Was it 1,000? Oh,
it's almost 1,500.
I want to put Oh, it's two that I had to
save for that.
All right, guys. I'm going to call it
here. Or we could do one more round and
run until my food's here. [music] No, I
should call it here. [laughter]
We're free.
Anyway, guys, [laughter]
I'm going to call it here, guys. We're
freed. were free from bell, but that was
supposed to be a one quick run and then
we we [laughter] we were trapped in the
in the PO verse for eternity. It felt
like 80 years have passed playing this
character like [laughter]
we were trapped in post world. Hey guys,
as always everybody stay hydrated
posture check. Yeah, move [laughter]
around to get that blood flowing. If you
stay up for me, head to bed cuz you
deserve it. I'll see you guys next time
everybody. Bye guys. Bye.
Heat. Heat.
Hey, hey, hey.